
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010169                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10169378583                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536356363347                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301195                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   381984                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 190626                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53347.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16067906808                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20377768393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       134784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       364416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       166528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       138496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       379776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       171648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       382336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       357632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       235392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       170240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       246144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       226176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       384384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       134528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       244736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4165632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1143296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1143296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13253907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35834638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       503472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     16375435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       465712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13618925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37345055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       478299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16878907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37596791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       465712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35167537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23147137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       490885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16740453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       440538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     35029082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       377604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24204429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22240887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     37798180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       478299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13228734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       365017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24065974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               409625029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       503472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       465712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       478299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440538                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       465712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       490885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       440538                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       377604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       478299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       365017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7098959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112425355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112425355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112425355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       465712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13253907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       427951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35834638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       503472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     16375435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       465712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13618925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       415365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37345055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       478299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16878907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       440538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37596791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       465712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35167537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23147137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       490885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16740453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       440538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     35029082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       377604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24204429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       427951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22240887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       427951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     37798180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       478299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13228734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       365017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24065974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              522050385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2212200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841799                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202657                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9404                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19230707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12133348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2212200                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       629785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1195790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193543                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22750751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20221782     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154956      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195186      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310246      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130833      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168857      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         194719      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89835      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1284337      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22750751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19116828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       754946                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516721                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14831856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19136868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62619                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       637649                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497876                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54732                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14738479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20580080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68534337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68534337                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3392030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3558                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          193543                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8185                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1769173                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22750751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16907331     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663923     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090844      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610680      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826967      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255140      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250859      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134243      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10764      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22750751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94438     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13061     10.90%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12353     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618115     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188556      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265103      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718707      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119852                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50468561                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16160463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10247                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1853                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114631                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233451                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555619                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047109                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21613657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372316                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22389748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17172351     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645272     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960054      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477909      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437298      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183374      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182125      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86483      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244882      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22389748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244882                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36536053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143556                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                293900                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1636249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.438699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.438699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60964699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13714682                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1978898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618132                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780301                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203391                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19207463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11224806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1978898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       983692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2352131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        565274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       337812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1182800                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22263125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19910994     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         127490      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201226      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         318416      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         133566      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         150607      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         158657      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         103814      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1158355      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22263125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19032802                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       514308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2344550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6044                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       365419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       324450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13706542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       365419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19061432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        169994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       262296                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2322526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        81456                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13697272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3722                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19012493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63712937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63712937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16221038                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2791444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3515                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1943                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          248516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       702330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       160178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13676600                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12941151                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742909                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3879320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22263125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16806953     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189611      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196563      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817899      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763291      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220049      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170224      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58316      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40219      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22263125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9658     39.15%     51.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11892     48.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10840357     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204345      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197108      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697773      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12941151                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530658                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48186676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15423184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12731292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12965818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          842                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       365419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        116538                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11894                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13680150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8920                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       224973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12756223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125831                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1823217                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1794391                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           697386                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523075                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12731505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12731292                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7444144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19444945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9528091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11678978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       199194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21897706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17154247     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2297440     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894887      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       482560      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360263      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201109      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124627      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110859      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271714      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21897706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9528091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11678978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1751319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1070599                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1676334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10523782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       237287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       271714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35306100                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27725812                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                311616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2123875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9528091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11678978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9528091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559484                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559484                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57524050                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17649485                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12783871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2012875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198512                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         791097                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8995                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19394269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11254686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2012875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       998725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2348378                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        542480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       438651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1187882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22522688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20174310     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         108845      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         173889      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         235245      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         241962      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         204452      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         115323      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         170946      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1097716      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22522688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461504                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19199476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       635381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2344023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2679                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       341128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       330954                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13810174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       341128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19251804                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        128178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       387562                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2295031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       118982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13804853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        15744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19263027                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     64219892                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     64219892                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16682705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2580317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3374                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1733                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          359517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293393                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       699402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       221378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13787659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13089095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1532372                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3676321                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22522688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16941416     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2330333     10.35%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1169262      5.19%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852764      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675281      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276164      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174594      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90554      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12320      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22522688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2492     11.39%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8032     36.72%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11351     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11008630     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195272      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186469      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697084      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13089095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536724                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48724670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15323482                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12889919                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13110970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9749                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       341128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        101740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13791075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293393                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1734                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       226669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12905935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1812582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1833663                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           697022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12890047                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12889919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7400206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19944391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371042                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9725367                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11967412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1823676                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       200783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22181560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17235575     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2469619     11.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916094      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437349      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391079      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212866      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171388      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84136      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263454      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22181560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9725367                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11967412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1773725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1084072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1725835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10782474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       246505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       263454                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35709116                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27923329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                295800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1864312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9725367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11967412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9725367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.507566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.507566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398793                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398793                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       58086376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17955292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12800886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2211126                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       845118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807666                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237654                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19224861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12125674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2211126                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1045320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2527301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        565057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       636863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1195329                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193390                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22749844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20222543     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         154956      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         195024      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         310141      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         130007      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         168320      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         195309      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          90235      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1283309      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22749844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090668                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.497219                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19111475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       761440                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2515206                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       360532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       336815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14824090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       360532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19131504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         62223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       644690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2496340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        54551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14731780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         7706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        38028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20569971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     68502598                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     68502598                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17182530                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3387441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          192720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       721451                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8264                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       164736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14381805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3571                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13787211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765554                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3613436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22749844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16907829     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664253     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090131      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610349      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826253      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255524      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250282      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134459      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10764      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22749844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94688     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13127     10.93%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12330     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11612691     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188456      1.37%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265427      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718933      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13787211                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            120145                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50458592                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16151013                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13424823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13907356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           85                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11454                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       360532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         47474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6051                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721451                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1853                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5312                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           85                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114421                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13545374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241837                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1962610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1915077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           718832                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13424928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13424823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8042354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21605290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550491                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12318487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       203895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22389312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17173923     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2643733     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960463      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477611      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436937      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183225      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181902      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86434      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245084      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22389312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9996795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12318487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1826991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1116994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1785412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11090782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       254392                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       245084                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36529577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29131401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                293669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1637156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9996795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12318487                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9996795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.439482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.439482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60942597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18757219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13706814                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1898586                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       804228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104674                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4463                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20144571                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11952343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1898586                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       782349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2362974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        319996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       446418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1158728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102580                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23169275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20806301     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          84375      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         172302      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          72256      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         391835      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         349348      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          68453      0.30%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         141499      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1082906      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23169275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490111                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20032059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       560408                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2354315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       215074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       166964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14015409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       215074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20053049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        391779                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       103884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2341921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        63563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14007206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        26250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        23224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          838                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16454058                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65975342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65975342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14561976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1892066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          162675                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3304327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1670553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        80878                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13977465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13434877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1093384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2607035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23169275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18397178     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427745      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174816      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505196      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642536      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622227      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354047      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27889      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17641      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23169275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34074     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265100     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7695      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8429495     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117303      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221076     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666200     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13434877                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306869                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50353064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13741746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       131144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          354                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11596                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1191                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       215074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        356646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13979118                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3304327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          354                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59124                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       119270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13339942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209964                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4875949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1746490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1665985                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13319188                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13318691                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7194442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14174321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507569                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10809179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12701914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1278379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       104189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22954201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18349863     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678261      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788528      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779733      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211752      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907924      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67531      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49288      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121321      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22954201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10809179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12701914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4832137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3173180                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1676776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11295346                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       122885                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       121321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36813147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28175705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                443885                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1217725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10809179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12701914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10809179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.256138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.256138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       65949828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15471957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16684778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2013041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1646890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822766                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19385431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11259318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2013041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       997405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2347869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        543868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       441765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1187750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198741                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22517638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20169769     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         108554      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         173166      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         235033      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         241368      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         204653      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         115202      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         171279      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1098614      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22517638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19189688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       639481                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2343458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       342310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       331334                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13815005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       342310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19242241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        132381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       386791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2294251                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       119661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13809680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        15891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        52376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19267231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     64240840                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     64240840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16671452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2595779                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3409                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          361961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293179                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       699700                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       244087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13792929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13089930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1543392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3695548                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22517638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16920858     75.14%     75.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2348131     10.43%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174902      5.22%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       847732      3.76%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672965      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276082      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174272      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90671      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12025      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22517638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2667     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8040     37.08%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10975     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11010132     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195232      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185526      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697401      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13089930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536759                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21682                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48721105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15339808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12890999                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13111612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10496                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       342310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        105807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13796380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293179                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699700                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112158                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       227114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12907223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1812673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1833350                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           697341                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12891107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12890999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7399536                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19947088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9718798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11959394                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1836996                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       200987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22175328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17218592     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2481914     11.19%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913954      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437429      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398612      1.80%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213125      0.96%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166042      0.75%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84320      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       261340      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22175328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9718798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11959394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1772564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1083360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1724699                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10775243                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       246347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       261340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35710300                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27935108                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                295681                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1869362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9718798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11959394                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9718798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.509261                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.509261                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       58090091                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17955137                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12805540                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1900745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1714242                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       727398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         105026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4475                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20145710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11964069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1900745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       782149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2364602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        318481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       450268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1158107                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23175178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20810576     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          84151      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         172148      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          72392      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         392266      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         349262      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          68360      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         142153      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1083870      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23175178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077941                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.490592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20032119                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       565326                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2355987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       214359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       167489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14028501                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       214359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20053240                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        395846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       104872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2343493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        63363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14020317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        26225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        23389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          364                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16470754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     66036458                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     66036458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14583001                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1887747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1644                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          163068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3304706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1671182                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15653                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        81489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13991229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1648                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13446613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1092148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2618003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23175178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18400936     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426152      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1175540      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506334      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643869      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622337      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354534      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27794      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17682      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23175178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34089     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265169     86.40%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7654      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8438673     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117770      0.88%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3222297     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1667069     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13446613                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.551384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50382458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15085383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13330934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13753525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24705                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       214359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        360608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13992887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3304706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1671182                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          840                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11704                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          360                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58337                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       118306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13352089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3211168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4878083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1748563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1666915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547508                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13331473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13330934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7200865                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14191798                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546641                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507396                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10822155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12717768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1276322                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       103382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22960819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18350766     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680543      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789410      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780932      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211982      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908401      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67600      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49404      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121781      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22960819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10822155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12717768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4835316                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3175203                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1679083                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11309541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       121781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36833102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28202589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                443153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1211822                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10822155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12717768                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10822155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.253433                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.253433                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       66003490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15487954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      16698486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1978887                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618263                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8787                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19210203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11224939                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1978887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       983270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2352499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        566589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       341092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1182862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22270731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19918232     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         127856      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         201473      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         318692      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         133168      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         150509      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         157919      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         103491      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1159391      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22270731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19035504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       517567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2344952                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6068                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       366638                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       324361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13708137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       366638                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19064452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        168455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       266147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2322602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        82435                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13698818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        23712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        30943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3637                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19015214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     63720383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     63720383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16213180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2802034                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3489                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          250736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1309222                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       701643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       159105                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13678609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12939975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1750345                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3899185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          335                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22270731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16815988     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188208      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196892      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817335      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763213      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220038      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170652      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58216      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40189      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22270731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3054     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9656     39.31%     51.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11851     48.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10839330     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204235      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197586      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697256      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12939975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24561                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48191876                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15432607                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12729137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12964536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21243                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          832                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       366638                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        114081                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13682129                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1309222                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       224967                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12754151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1822297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1793689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           696894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12729353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12729137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7442799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19443326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9523463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11673285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2008868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       199291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21904093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17163034     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296138     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894899      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481589      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360418      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201126      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124490      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110852      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271547      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21904093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9523463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11673285                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1750470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1070070                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1675520                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10518636                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       237165                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       271547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35314634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27730974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                311647                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2116269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9523463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11673285                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9523463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.560728                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.560728                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       57515165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17646591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12783117                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1985247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776480                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203473                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18979858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11276225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1985247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       979953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2480219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        555548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       596665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1170135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22412721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19932502     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         267302      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         311617      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         171607      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         196676      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         108752      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          75362      0.34%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         192149      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1156754      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22412721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081406                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462387                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18825271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       754596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2458974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19964                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       353914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       321650                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2066                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13761115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10650                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       353914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18855263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        267780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       402244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2450127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13752496                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        20880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19115410                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     64028723                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     64028723                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16330016                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2785394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          224854                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1313205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       714841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       157389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13731421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12982246                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1701605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3934523                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          319                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22412721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16939735     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2204352      9.84%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1182416      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817574      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       714776      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364616      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89346      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57168      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42738      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22412721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3353     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11828     42.29%     54.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12788     45.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10867993     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202497      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1591      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1200640      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709525      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12982246                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532343                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27969                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48422987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15436690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12766140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13010215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       353914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        220985                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13734974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           38                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1313205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       714841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1926                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9812                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109437                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       223695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12789253                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1127401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1836713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1790280                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           709312                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524429                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12766451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12766140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7588009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19866295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523481                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9590636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11766771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1968431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       197414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22058807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17251057     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2229678     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934314      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560937      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389114      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251456      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130443      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105204      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206604      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22058807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9590636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11766771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1782845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1082432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1684078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10608251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       239439                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       206604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35587340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27824335                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                292191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1974279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9590636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11766771                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9590636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.542793                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.542793                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57698320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17718292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12847131                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24386998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2013042                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198640                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9003                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19387940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11256449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2013042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       997755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2348351                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        542687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       439518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1187787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198737                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22517284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20168933     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         108726      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         173664      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         235315      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         241308      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         205035      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         115509      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         170236      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1098558      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22517284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19193288                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       636102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2344014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2668                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       341211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       331110                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13812882                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       341211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19245585                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        129070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       387292                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2295063                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       119060                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13807584                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        15876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        52048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19265833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     64232588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     64232588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16681169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2584664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3401                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1762                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          359368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       699580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8191                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       243345                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13791165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3414                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13093478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1933                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1533859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3674474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22517284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16919261     75.14%     75.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2349107     10.43%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174208      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       848038      3.77%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673352      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276564      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173850      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90719      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22517284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2657     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8032     37.07%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10979     50.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11012699     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195268      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186648      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697224      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13093478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48727841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15328500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12894086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13115146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9979                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       341211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        102614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13794607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112167                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       227103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12910069                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1812889                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1833972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           697170                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529383                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12894197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12894086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7402378                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19952043                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.528728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9724481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11966420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1828194                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3310                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       200906                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22176073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17216572     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2483369     11.20%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914602      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437444      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398704      1.80%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213146      0.96%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166324      0.75%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84271      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       261641      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22176073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9724481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11966420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1773621                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1084020                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1651                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1725728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10781563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       246492                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       261641                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35708968                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27930456                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                295791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1869714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9724481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11966420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9724481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.507794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.507794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398757                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398757                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       58103912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17960779                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12802983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1978590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8729                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19216796                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11222071                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1978590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       983821                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2351958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        566948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       340780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1183580                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22276496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19924538     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         127663      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         200927      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         318931      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         133867      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         150064      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         157849      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         104011      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1158646      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22276496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460166                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19042311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       517070                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2344390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       366661                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       324132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13705184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       366661                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19070804                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        168053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       266591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2322438                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        81947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13696401                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        23687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        30726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3641                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19012033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63708609                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63708609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16210845                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2801177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3462                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          249422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       701667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       158817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13675933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3471                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12938571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16621                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1749269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3892063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22276496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16821400     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189606      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196625      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816716      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762654      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220502      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170676      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58151      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40166      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22276496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3093     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9603     39.17%     51.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11819     48.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10838066     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204252      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1567      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197362      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697324      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12938571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24515                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48194773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15428831                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12727537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12963086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       366661                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        113955                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11755                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13679423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8710                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       225633                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12752484                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1822190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1793564                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           696953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12727780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12727537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7441277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19441634                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521898                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9522059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2007927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       199623                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21909835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17169453     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2295918     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894918      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481049      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360406      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201293      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124461      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110942      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271395      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21909835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9522059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11671510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1750155                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1069889                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1675252                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10517031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       237123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       271395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35317812                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27725576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                311960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2110504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9522059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11671510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9522059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.561106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.561106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       57506959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17645020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12780238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1847306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1653117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147856                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218144                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4374                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19589506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10502377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1847306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1325789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2340050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        488746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       292207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1185833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22561855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20221805     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         360801      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         176533      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         357022      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         109543      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         331621      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          51011      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          82696      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         870823      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22561855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075750                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19355353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       531108                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2335245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       338195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       170683                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1898                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11711679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       338195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19381878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        323852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       126756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2310441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11694054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        64394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15285160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     52940184                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     52940184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12348462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2936698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          175160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2143860                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       334178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11632390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10877839                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7049                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2135321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4386450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22561855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17790285     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488996      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613609      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932063      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472884      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119114      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138807      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3288      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2809      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22561855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17849     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7351     23.54%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6024     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8507477     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82891      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955660     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331057      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10877839                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.446051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31224                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44355806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13769271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10598989                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10909063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8348                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8982                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       338195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        220111                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11633932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2143860                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3940                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99357                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       156628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10742619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2259811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1635664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           331032                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.440506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10601654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10598989                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6419506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13849040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463534                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8448897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9482595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2151813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       146736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22223660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18708681     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1370026      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890787      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278891      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468373      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89778      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56708      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51636      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308780      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22223660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8448897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9482595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2026608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1701412                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1457736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8278028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       115772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       308780                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33549262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          23607290                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                440577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1825145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8448897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9482595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8448897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.886412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.886412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346451                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346451                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       49983641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13776905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12491322                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1983734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835843                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775967                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18998045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11276376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1983734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       979702                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2481293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        555552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       595753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1171126                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195094                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22430962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19949669     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         268588      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         311640      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         171626      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         196611      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         108577      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          75194      0.34%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         190916      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1158141      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22430962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18841516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       755564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2460298                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       353808                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       321434                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2064                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13763045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        10714                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       353808                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18871891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        244861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       426396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2450901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        83103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13754286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        20269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19120578                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     64043562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     64043562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16335028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2785550                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3575                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          225565                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314512                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       715265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       157517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13732777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3579                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12985165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1701291                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3934515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          370                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22430962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16956622     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2204059      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184517      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817606      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       714069      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364359      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89682      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57293      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42755      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22430962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3273     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12004     42.89%     54.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12711     45.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10869005     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202756      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1591      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201943      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709870      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12985165                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532463                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48446941                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15437780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12767537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13013153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32617                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231771                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       353808                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        200181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13736374                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314512                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109376                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       223743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12791082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1837987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1790453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           709677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524504                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12767829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12767537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7589966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19868171                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523539                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382016                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9593507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11770306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966240                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       197526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22077154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17268186     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2230059     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934834      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560694      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389210      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251652      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130811      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105133      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206575      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22077154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9593507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11770306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1783336                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1082741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1684600                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10611409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       239506                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       206575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35607060                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27826913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                292368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1956038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9593507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11770306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9593507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.542032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.542032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       57707553                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17722524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12848047                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1902403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1716096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       743059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677510                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20147334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11970575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1902403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       782104                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2365799                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        318290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       447911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1158066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101616                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23175568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20809769     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          84248      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         172355      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          72421      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         392339      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         349823      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          67739      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         141774      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1085100      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23175568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078009                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.490859                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20034257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       562452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2357095                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7472                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       214287                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       167341                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14035428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1435                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       214287                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20055508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        393872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       103630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2344613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        63653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14027115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        26373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        23463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          366                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16477291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66064083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66064083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14589878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1887407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          163597                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3307553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1672463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        81942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13997285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13451814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7049                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1091210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2618893                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23175568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18400613     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425352      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1175672      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506844      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643940      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       623142      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354579      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27766      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17660      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23175568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34034     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265431     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7672      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8439808     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117631      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3225107     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1668464     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13451814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.551598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307137                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50393382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15090488                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13336364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13758951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1193                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       214287                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        359169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13998932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3307553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1672463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11761                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58333                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       118440                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13357644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3214273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4882575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1749519                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1668302                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.547736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13336887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13336364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7203620                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14191084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.546864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507616                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10828733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12725243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1275024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       103275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22961281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18349068     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1681047      7.32%     87.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789781      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       781294      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211902      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       909207      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67630      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49487      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121865      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22961281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10828733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12725243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4839801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3178193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1679980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11316119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       121865                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36839657                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28214870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                443267                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1211432                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10828733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12725243                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10828733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.252064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.252064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.444037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.444037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       66033631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15492117                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      16709325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2210245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1839951                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202845                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19228456                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12120490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2210245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1046005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2526478                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        566038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       633916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1195939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22750194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20223716     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         154718      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         194677      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         310226      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         130501      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         168836      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         194986      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          90104      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1282430      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22750194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090632                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19115738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       757707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2514404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       361060                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       336478                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14819132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       361060                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19135452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         61940                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       641621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2495915                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        54202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14728385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         7783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        37642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20563952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     68487949                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     68487949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17176335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3387615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          191093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       721135                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       165001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14376990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13783411                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13725                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1764033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3608470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          141                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22750194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16909066     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664928     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088534      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610782      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826628      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254983      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250110      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134322      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10841      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22750194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94214     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13096     10.95%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12342     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11609893     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188283      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264817      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718714      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13783411                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565195                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50450392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16144691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13421224                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13903063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266331                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           87                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11377                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       361060                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721135                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1863                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5291                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           87                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233496                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13541404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1961720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1914330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           718581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555271                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13421332                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13421224                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8040631                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21601875                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550343                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9993210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12314048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       204353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22389134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17175821     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2642639     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960218      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       476666      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437325      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183272      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181802      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86625      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244766      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22389134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9993210                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12314048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1826359                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1116605                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1784764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11086781                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       254294                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       244766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36524919                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29122337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                294324                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1636806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9993210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12314048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9993210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.440357                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.440357                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.409776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.409776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60926958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18752820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13701222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24387000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1847868                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1653606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234910                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19592233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10508867                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1847868                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1325521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2341095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        488934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       290506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1186068                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22564038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20222943     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         361217      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         176312      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         356782      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         109743      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         331558      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          51182      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          82589      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         871712      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22564038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430921                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19356374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       531158                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2336295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       338302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       170502                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1902                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     11718488                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4549                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       338302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19383155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        322492                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       127545                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2311225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        81315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     11700536                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        65042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15294503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     52971544                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     52971544                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12356289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2938195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1535                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          176752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144406                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       334745                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        76141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         11638713                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1540                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        10883507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2135499                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4390711                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22564038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17790599     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489805      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613138      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932972      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473125      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119403      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138800      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3373      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2823      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22564038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17802     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7327     23.54%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6002     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8511663     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        83054      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1956542     17.98%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331494      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     10883507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.446283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44369154                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13775783                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10604464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10914638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       338302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        217670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9951                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11640263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144406                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334745                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          780                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       156788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10748248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1929649                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2261118                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1636301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           331469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.440737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             10607418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            10604464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6424116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13858920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.434841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8453420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9488207                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2152531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1520                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       146805                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22225736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18708582     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1370868      6.17%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891192      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       279120      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468830      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89965      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56663      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51656      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308860      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22225736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8453420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9488207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2027419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1701923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1458572                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8283074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       115894                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       308860                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33557588                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          23620068                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                440816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1822962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8453420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9488207                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8453420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.884868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.884868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.346636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.346636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       50010502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      13784822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12498817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32550                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.841734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1443944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.109418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           237.994536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.919336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   477.500697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.453355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1156.252419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.129099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   566.350451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.183800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   488.692616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.862807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1273.366227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.376517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   589.593882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.177414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1283.530220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.477660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1131.590942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.429585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   770.149145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.929574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   579.845547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.853219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1132.257151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.911221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   876.846597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.984601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   751.488087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.535237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1290.570611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.708258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   470.687885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.390010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   863.459259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           806.111128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1351.474058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           956.970433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           786.127838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1383.604581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           925.788145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1363.995713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1393.382951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1206.203651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           935.259050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1379.312926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1272.621200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1249.483844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1340.675827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           814.023274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1302.309150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.035286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.017284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.014914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.038860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.039170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.034533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.023503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.017695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.034554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.022934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.039385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.014364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.024601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.029204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.023991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.042224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.028253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.041626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.042523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.036810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.028542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.042093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.038837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.038131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.040914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.024842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.039743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   200                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5610715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    159043856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5125926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    430766163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6226100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195921327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5546173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    164175885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4966230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451496596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5856191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    200819453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5279138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    453367225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5448974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    423296480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5129423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    277219223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6023830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200112490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5256544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419355160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4414158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    290331308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5095310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    265357520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5068608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    454984955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5677872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159326930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4267354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    288334270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4918901387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       292630                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       320815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       178109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       139644                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        931198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5610715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    159043856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5125926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    430766163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6226100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195921327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5546173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    164175885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4966230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451496596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5856191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    200819453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5279138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    453367225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5448974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    423296480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5129423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    277511853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6023830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200112490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5256544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419355160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4414158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    290331308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5095310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    265678335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5068608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455163064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5677872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159326930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4267354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    288473914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4919832585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5610715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    159043856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5125926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    430766163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6226100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195921327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5546173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    164175885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4966230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451496596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5856191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    200819453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5279138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    453367225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5448974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    423296480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5129423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    277511853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6023830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200112490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5256544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419355160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4414158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    290331308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5095310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    265678335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5068608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455163064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5677872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159326930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4267354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    288473914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4919832585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               88520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                88726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               88726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.409464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.335309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.401819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.386557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.367578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.029126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.289923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.298400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.402710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.386387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.366792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.289923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.298400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.402710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.386387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.366792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151640.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151038.799620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150762.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151305.290832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155652.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150592.872406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149896.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151733.719963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150491.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152172.765757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154110.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149753.507084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150832.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151780.122196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147269.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151501.961346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150865.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150908.667937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154457.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150460.518797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150186.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150684.570607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147138.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150978.319293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149862.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150344.203966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149076.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151560.611259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149417.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151595.556613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147150.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150881.355311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151174.054552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       146315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160407.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       178109                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       139644                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155199.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151640.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151038.799620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150762.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151305.290832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155652.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150592.872406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149896.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151733.719963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150491.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152172.765757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154110.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149753.507084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150832.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151780.122196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147269.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151501.961346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150865.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150903.672104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154457.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150460.518797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150186.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150684.570607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147138.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150978.319293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149862.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150355.594228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149076.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151569.451881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149417.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151595.556613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147150.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150875.478033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151174.796737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151640.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151038.799620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150762.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151305.290832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155652.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150592.872406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149896.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151733.719963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150491.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152172.765757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154110.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149753.507084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150832.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151780.122196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147269.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151501.961346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150865.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150903.672104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154457.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150460.518797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150186.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150684.570607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147138.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150978.319293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149862.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150355.594228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149076.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151569.451881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149417.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151595.556613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147150.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150875.478033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151174.796737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3460282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     97720396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3147230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    264973620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3897251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120165064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3394863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101147483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3046673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    278799813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3650676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122738347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3241992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    279498606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3295339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    260605292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3152860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170253101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3758898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122666480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3218934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    257303569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2670193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178282303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3115111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    162555703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3093478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280232298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3467516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     98122615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2583320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177018852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3024278158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       176473                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       205136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       120097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        81773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       583479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3460282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     97720396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3147230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    264973620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3897251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120165064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3394863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101147483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3046673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    278799813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3650676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122738347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3241992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    279498606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3295339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    260605292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3152860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170429574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3758898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122666480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3218934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    257303569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2670193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178282303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3115111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    162760839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3093478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280352395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3467516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     98122615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2583320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177100625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3024861637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3460282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     97720396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3147230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    264973620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3897251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120165064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3394863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101147483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3046673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    278799813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3650676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122738347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3241992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    279498606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3295339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    260605292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3152860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170429574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3758898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122666480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3218934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    257303569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2670193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178282303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3115111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    162760839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3093478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280352395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3467516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     98122615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2583320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177100625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3024861637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.409464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.335309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.401819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.386557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.289923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.298400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.402710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.386387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.366792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.289923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.298400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.402710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.386387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93521.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92801.895537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92565.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93071.169652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97431.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92363.615680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91753.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93481.962107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92323.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93966.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96070.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91527.477256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92628.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93571.679277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89063.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93273.189692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92731.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92679.967882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        96382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92230.436090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91969.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92455.468559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89006.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92710.505980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91620.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92099.548442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90984.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93348.533644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91250.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93361.194101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92631.529042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92946.037187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88236.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       102568                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       120097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        81773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97246.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93521.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92801.895537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92565.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93071.169652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97431.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92363.615680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91753.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93481.962107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92323.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93966.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96070.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91527.477256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92628.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93571.679277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89063.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93273.189692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92731.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92675.135400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        96382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92230.436090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91969.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92455.468559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89006.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92710.505980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91620.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92111.397284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90984.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93357.440892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91250.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93361.194101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92625.849895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92946.830045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93521.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92801.895537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92565.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93071.169652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97431.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92363.615680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91753.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93481.962107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92323.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93966.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96070.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91527.477256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92628.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93571.679277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89063.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93273.189692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92731.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92675.135400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        96382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92230.436090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91969.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92455.468559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89006.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92710.505980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91620.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92111.397284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90984.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93357.440892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91250.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93361.194101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92625.849895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92946.830045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              489.462405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001203839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2026728.419028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.462405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1195739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1195739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8275686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8275686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8275686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8275686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8275686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8275686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162268.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162268.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6613278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6613278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6613278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6613278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6613278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6613278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169571.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169571.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38176.275206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.284674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.715326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1819                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1819                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    960931286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    960931286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5839754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5839754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    966771040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    966771040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    966771040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    966771040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1819                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1819                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104132.128955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104132.128955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83425.057143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83425.057143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103976.235750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103976.235750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103976.235750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103976.235750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    343237350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343237350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1052658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    344290008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344290008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    344290008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344290008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94895.590268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94895.590268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70177.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94793.504405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94793.504405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94793.504405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94793.504405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              516.991246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003850435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1912096.066667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.991246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1182754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1182754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1182754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1182754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1182754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7210777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7210777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7210777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7210777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7210777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7210777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1182800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1182800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1182800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156756.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156756.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156756.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156756.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156756.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156756.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5690620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5690620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5690620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5690620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5690620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5690620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162589.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162589.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162589.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162589.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162589.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162589.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6968                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166885365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             23101.517857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.635394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.364606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.889201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.110799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       819048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       677436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1496484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1496484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2118283087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2118283087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7496936                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7496936                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2125780023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2125780023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2125780023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2125780023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       836917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       677528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1514445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1514445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118545.138900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118545.138900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81488.434783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81488.434783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118355.326708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118355.326708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118355.326708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118355.326708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    737703485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    737703485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       994599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       994599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    738698084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    738698084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    738698084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738698084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106098.588379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106098.588379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66306.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66306.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106012.928243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106012.928243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106012.928243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106012.928243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.037256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998100299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1926834.554054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.037256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1187828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1187828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9204972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9204972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9204972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9204972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9204972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9204972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170462.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170462.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170462.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170462.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170462.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170462.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7474895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7474895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7474895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7474895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7474895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7474895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173834.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173834.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173834.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173834.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173834.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173834.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152131878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36622.984593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.115424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.884576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.871545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.128455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       816552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       686363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1502915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1502915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        12528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        12528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1463694143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1463694143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9990173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1473684316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1473684316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1473684316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1473684316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       828972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       686471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1515443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1515443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117849.769968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117849.769968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92501.601852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92501.601852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117631.251277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117631.251277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117631.251277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117631.251277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    383785668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383785668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1393113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1393113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    385178781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    385178781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    385178781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    385178781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98913.831959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98913.831959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77395.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77395.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98814.464084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98814.464084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98814.464084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98814.464084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.649310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001203378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2026727.485830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.649310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1195278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1195278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1195278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1195278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1195278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8698329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8698329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8698329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8698329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8698329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8698329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1195329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1195329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1195329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170555.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6662469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6662469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6662469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6662469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6662469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6662469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170832.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148429259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 3882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             38235.254766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.294170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.705830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.860524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.139476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       952872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       706453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1659325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1659325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964378352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    964378352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5792596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5792596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    970170948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    970170948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    970170948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    970170948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       962066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       706520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1668586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1668586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104892.141832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104892.141832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86456.656716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86456.656716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104758.767736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104758.767736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104758.767736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104758.767736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    345982394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345982394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1155851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1155851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    347138245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347138245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    347138245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347138245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95839.998338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95839.998338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72240.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72240.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95735.864589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95735.864589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95735.864589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95735.864589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              567.532261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028874006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1783143.857886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.171475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.360787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1158685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1158685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6888397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6888397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6888397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6888397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6888397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6888397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160195.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160195.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160195.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160195.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160195.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160195.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5743336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5743336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5743336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5743336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5743336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5743336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168921.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168921.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168921.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168921.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168921.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168921.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405423626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             50583.109919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.081586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.918414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3029514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1657303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4686817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4686817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3132291369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3132291369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1495484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1495484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3133786853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3133786853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3133786853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3133786853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3056800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1657322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4714122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4714122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114794.816719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114794.816719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78709.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78709.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114769.707123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114769.707123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114769.707123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114769.707123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19546                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19546                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    818680681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818680681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       405649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    819086330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819086330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    819086330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819086330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105595.341287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105595.341287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67608.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67608.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105565.965975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105565.965975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105565.965975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105565.965975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.014555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              998100173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1938058.588350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.014555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1187702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1187702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1187702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1187702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1187702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8569345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8569345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8569345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8569345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8569345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8569345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1187750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1187750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1187750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178528.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178528.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178528.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178528.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178528.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178528.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7150042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7150042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7150042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7150042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7150042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7150042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178751.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178751.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178751.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178751.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178751.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178751.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152131139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36666.941191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.102635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.897365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.871495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.128505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       816217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       685924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1502141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1502141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1481703964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1481703964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8602387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8602387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1490306351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1490306351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1490306351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1490306351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       828703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       686024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1514727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1514727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118669.226654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118669.226654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86023.870000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86023.870000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118409.848324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118409.848324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118409.848324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118409.848324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    386838954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386838954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1248379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1248379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    388087333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388087333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    388087333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388087333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99803.651703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99803.651703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73434.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73434.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99688.500642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99688.500642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99688.500642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99688.500642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              568.020676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1028873383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1776983.390328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.660007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.360669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1158062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1158062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1158062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1158062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1158062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7652526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7652526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7652526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7652526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7652526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7652526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1158107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1158107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1158107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170056.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170056.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170056.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170056.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170056.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170056.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6280014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6280014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6280014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6280014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6280014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6280014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174444.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174444.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174444.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174444.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174444.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174444.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              405425221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             50589.620789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.068979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.931021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3029952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1658456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4688408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4688408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4688408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4688408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        27526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        27526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3158745476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3158745476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1543418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1543418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3160288894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3160288894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3160288894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3160288894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3057458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3057458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1658476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4715934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4715934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4715934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4715934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114838.416200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114838.416200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77170.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77170.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114811.047519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114811.047519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114811.047519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114811.047519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    820012792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820012792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       384994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    820397786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820397786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    820397786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    820397786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105780.803922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105780.803922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64165.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64165.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105748.618974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105748.618974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105748.618974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105748.618974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              518.645380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003850495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1901231.998106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.866096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   489.779285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.784903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1182814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1182814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1182814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1182814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1182814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7563529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7563529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7563529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7563529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7563529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7563529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1182862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1182862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1182862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157573.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157573.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157573.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157573.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157573.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157573.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6011136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6011136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6011136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158187.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158187.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158187.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158187.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158187.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158187.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166885121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             23197.820545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   227.114953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    28.885047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.887168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.112832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       819141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       677127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1496268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1496268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2113786979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2113786979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6679228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6679228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2120466207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2120466207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2120466207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2120466207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       836991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       677207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1514198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1514198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118419.438599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118419.438599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83490.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83490.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118263.592136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118263.592136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118263.592136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118263.592136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    731447114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    731447114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       932525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       932525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    732379639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    732379639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    732379639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    732379639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105639.386771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105639.386771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66608.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66608.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105560.628279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105560.628279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105560.628279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105560.628279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              511.471224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999389839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1933055.781431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.471224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1170094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1170094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1170094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1170094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1170094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6668834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6668834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6668834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6668834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6668834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6668834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1170135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1170135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1170135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162654.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162654.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162654.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162654.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162654.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162654.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5779860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5779860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5779860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5779860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5779860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5779860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165138.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165138.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165138.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165138.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165138.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165138.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158029669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28499.489450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.620498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.379502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       823500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       696568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1520068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1520068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2264622339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2264622339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48300807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48300807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2312923146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2312923146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2312923146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2312923146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       841758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       696987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1538745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1538745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1538745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1538745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124034.523989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124034.523989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115276.389021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115276.389021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123838.043904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123838.043904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123838.043904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123838.043904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    528709378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    528709378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1287612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    529996990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    529996990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    529996990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    529996990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100286.300835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100286.300835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75741.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75741.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100207.409718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100207.409718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100207.409718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100207.409718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.392886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              998100207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1930561.328820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.392886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1187736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1187736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1187736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1187736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1187736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8977172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8977172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8977172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8977172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8977172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8977172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1187787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1187787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1187787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176022.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176022.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176022.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176022.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176022.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176022.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7296350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7296350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7296350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7296350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7296350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7296350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173722.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173722.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173722.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173722.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173722.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173722.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152131534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36596.471975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   223.096338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    32.903662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.871470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.128530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       816232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       686312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1502544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1502544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        12594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        12594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1478460372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1478460372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9320513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9320513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1487780885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1487780885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1487780885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1487780885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       828718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       686420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118409.448342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118409.448342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86301.046296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86301.046296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118134.102350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118134.102350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118134.102350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118134.102350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386934904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386934904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1306789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1306789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    388241693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388241693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    388241693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388241693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99648.442956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99648.442956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72599.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72599.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99523.633171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99523.633171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99523.633171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99523.633171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.203145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003851215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1908462.385932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.203145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1183534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1183534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1183534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1183534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1183534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7046206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7046206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7046206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7046206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7046206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7046206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1183580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1183580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1183580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153178.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153178.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153178.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153178.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153178.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153178.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5766440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5766440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5766440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5766440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5766440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5766440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160178.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160178.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160178.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160178.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160178.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160178.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6941                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166885132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             23188.152286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   227.749847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    28.250153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.889648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.110352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       819310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       676987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1496297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1496297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2096019834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2096019834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7924462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7924462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103944296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2103944296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103944296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2103944296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       837166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       677074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1514240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1514240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117384.623320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117384.623320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91085.770115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91085.770115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117257.108399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117257.108399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117257.108399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117257.108399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    728031745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    728031745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1079704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1079704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    729111449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    729111449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    729111449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    729111449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105115.758735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105115.758735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71980.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71980.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105044.150555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105044.150555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105044.150555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105044.150555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.979095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              917913241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1645005.808244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.218809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.760286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1185796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1185796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1185796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1185796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1185796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1185796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5561853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5561853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5561853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5561853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5561853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5561853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1185833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1185833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1185833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1185833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1185833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1185833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150320.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150320.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150320.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150320.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150320.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150320.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4777724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4777724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4777724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4777724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4777724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4777724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154120.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154120.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154120.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154120.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154120.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154120.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              204770521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35912.052087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   189.449846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    66.550154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.740038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.259962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1767015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       323634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2090649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2090649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2049409123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2049409123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2717459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2717459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2052126582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2052126582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2052126582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2052126582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1785965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       323664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2109629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2109629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2109629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2109629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108148.238681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108148.238681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90581.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90581.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108120.473235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108120.473235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108120.473235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108120.473235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    546874932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546874932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       445252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       445252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    547320184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    547320184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    547320184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    547320184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100528.480147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100528.480147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74208.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74208.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100499.482923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.482923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100499.482923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.482923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.672846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              999390830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1933057.698259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.672846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.047553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1171085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1171085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1171085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1171085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1171085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1171085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6570210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6570210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6570210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6570210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6570210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6570210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1171126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1171126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1171126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1171126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1171126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1171126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160249.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160249.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160249.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160249.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160249.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160249.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5726649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5726649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5726649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163618.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163618.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163618.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163618.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163618.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163618.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158030567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             28732.830364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.611784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.388216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.873484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.126516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       824214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       696746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1520960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1520960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2241700249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2241700249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     46743639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46743639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2288443888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2288443888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2288443888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2288443888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       842336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       697169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1539505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1539505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1539505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1539505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123700.488302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123700.488302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110505.056738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110505.056738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123399.508655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123399.508655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123399.508655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123399.508655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    517105556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517105556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1313780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1313780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    518419336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    518419336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    518419336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    518419336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98929.702698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98929.702698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77281.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77281.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98859.522502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98859.522502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98859.522502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98859.522502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              567.890092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1028873343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1780057.686851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.168869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.721223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1158022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1158022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1158022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1158022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1158022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7122429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7122429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7122429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7122429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7122429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7122429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1158066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1158066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1158066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161873.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161873.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161873.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161873.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161873.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161873.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5874577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5874577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5874577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5874577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5874577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5874577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167845.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167845.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167845.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167845.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167845.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167845.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              405429750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             50501.961883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.085826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.914174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3032990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3032990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1659952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1659952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4692942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4692942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4692942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4692942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        27584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        27584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3162249847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3162249847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1763346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1763346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3164013193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3164013193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3164013193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3164013193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3060555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3060555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1659971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1659971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4720526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4720526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4720526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4720526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114719.747760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114719.747760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92807.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92807.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114704.654619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114704.654619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114704.654619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114704.654619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19812                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19812                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    821441703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821441703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       518655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       518655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    821960358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821960358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    821960358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821960358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105774.105460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105774.105460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86442.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86442.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105759.181420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105759.181420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105759.181420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105759.181420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.618572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001203982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2022634.307071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.618572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1195882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1195882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9238965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9238965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9238965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9238965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9238965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9238965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162087.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162087.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162087.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162087.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162087.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162087.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6927501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6927501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6927501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173187.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173187.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173187.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173187.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173187.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173187.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148428426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38215.351699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.289041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.710959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.860504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.139496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       952267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    959976368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    959976368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5004409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5004409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    964980777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    964980777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    964980777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    964980777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       961496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1667773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1667773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104017.376531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104017.376531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79435.063492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79435.063492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103850.707813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103850.707813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103850.707813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103850.707813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    342886725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342886725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       960284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       960284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    343847009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343847009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    343847009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343847009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94877.345047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94877.345047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68591.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68591.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94775.912073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94775.912073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94775.912073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94775.912073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              551.799155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              917913477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1647959.563734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.621195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.177960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1186032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1186032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1186032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1186032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1186032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5386688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5386688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5386688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5386688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5386688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5386688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1186068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1186068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1186068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149630.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149630.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149630.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149630.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149630.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149630.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4656777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4656777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4656777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155225.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155225.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155225.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155225.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155225.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155225.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204771048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35918.443782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   189.879193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    66.120807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.741716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.258284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1767240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       323933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2091173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2091173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2091173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2091173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2032466058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2032466058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3204262                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3204262                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2035670320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2035670320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2035670320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2035670320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1786167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1786167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       323963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2110130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2110130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2110130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2110130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107384.480266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107384.480266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106808.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106808.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107383.569130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107383.569130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107383.569130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107383.569130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    545997339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545997339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       474784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       474784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    546472123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    546472123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    546472123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    546472123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100385.611142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100385.611142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79130.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79130.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100362.189715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100362.189715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100362.189715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100362.189715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
