
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399906                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   521588                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40208                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32988.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13192255314                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206335701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        54528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        79232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               536064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           53632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       200192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            200192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     41109530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     60892285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2412531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     59734270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               404147208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2412531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40434021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         150927945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              150927945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         150927945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     41109530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     60892285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2412531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     59734270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              555075153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         244306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25566                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2345300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1368179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            244306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       118660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              284237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       121727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles           97                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          145057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2796411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2512174     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13218      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20540      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          27792      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          29151      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          24747      0.88%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          13233      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20924      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         134632      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2796411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2321154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       146496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          283550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        40102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1677301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2327912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         18883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       112583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          277220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1675662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2338930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7791346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7791346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1994508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         344396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           46455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       157785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        84132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        22363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1672233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1577030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          470                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2796411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127689     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276535      9.89%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139487      4.99%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104117      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81499      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33382      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21191      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10970      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1541      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2796411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          996     35.94%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1442     52.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1326711     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23486      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       142957      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83680      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1577030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.495791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5953712                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1877247                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1551279                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1579801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         15246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1672647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        28846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1553649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             217957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         220115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            83659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.488441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1551357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1551279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          891528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2401888                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.487696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1162533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1430508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        25663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2751606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162419     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293143     10.65%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109665      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52260      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45499      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25548      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21529      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9999      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31544      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2751606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1162533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1430508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               212114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              129622                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           206256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1288889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        29457                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4392721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3390166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 37404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                384424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1162533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1430508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1162533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.736124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.736124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.365480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.365480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6991230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2162905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1553923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         276090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29370                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2399554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1516268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            276090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       128129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              315056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         75548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       194828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          150507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2961143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2646087     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          19033      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          24128      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          38502      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          15842      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20730      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          24015      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11201      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         161605      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2961143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2388577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       210728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          313440                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        41660                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1852566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2391541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       195892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          310605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1840086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2571044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8554452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8554452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2119131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         451904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       174088                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        88984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        20064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1794515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1709964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2150                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2961143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2237443     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329198     11.12%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134895      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76450      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101963      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32435      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31031      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16411      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1317      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2961143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11829     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1651     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1533     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1440935     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23158      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157147      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88514      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1709964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.537583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6398234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2033145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1663802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1724977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36425                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1794956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174088                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15272                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        30660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1679377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             242795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         236842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            88477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.527967                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1663840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1663802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          997162                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2680519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372003                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1232627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1518675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        26881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2912918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2269576     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326332     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118453      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58741      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53895      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22707      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22485      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10643      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30086      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2912918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1232627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1518675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               225067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              137660                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           220102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1367285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        31328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4677786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3638174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 38307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                219692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1232627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1518675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1232627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.580533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.580533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7554007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2327517                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1711285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         244728                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24843                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1370711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            244728                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       118787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              284692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         70928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       123371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          145244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2801506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2516814     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          13239      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20558      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          27785      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          29198      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          24807      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          13302      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20954      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         134849      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2801506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.076938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2324097                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148183                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          283993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        44820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        40173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1680157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        44820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2330897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       112491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          277624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        15086                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1678487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2343127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7804344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7804344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1998187                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         344925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           46780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       157957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        84250                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        22452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1675037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579834                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2801506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2131778     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276830      9.88%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139706      4.99%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104263      3.72%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81674      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33478      1.20%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21227      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11045      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1505      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2801506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1007     36.13%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1329037     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23535      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143228      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83838      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579834                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.496673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5964295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1880128                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28107                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        44820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         16936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84250                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1349                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        28848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134580                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             218399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         220539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            83819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.489342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1554232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1554154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          892962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2405606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.488599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242331                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        25675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2756686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2166507     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293602     10.65%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109862      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52322      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45625      1.66%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25573      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21545      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10004      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31646      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2756686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1164661                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1433123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              129850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           206618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1291247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        29508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4400481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3395749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 37415                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                379329                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1164661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1433123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1164661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.731125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.731125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.366149                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.366149                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7004258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2166831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1556850                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13794                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2312177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1264233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       152020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              280023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        89402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          141310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18746                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2445223     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          41387      1.52%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21925      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          40748      1.50%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13414      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          37619      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5990      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10506      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         108434      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2725246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.397453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2279191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       123212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          279273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        43216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        22137                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          428                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1421201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        43216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2283225                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         84033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        27238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          275499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1418292                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         9714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1866699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6437504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6437504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1487272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         379427                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          205                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25693                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       249323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        43027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         9488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408967                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2152440     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184885      6.78%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186044      6.83%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108910      4.00%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59069      2.17%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15529      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17593      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          364      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2406     57.96%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.37%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030057     78.69%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10613      0.81%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225835     17.25%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42377      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.411520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348835                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        43216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         68979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        20373                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             264409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         195445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            42349                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.405592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1274201                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1273608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          769725                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1704945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.400401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.451466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2682030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2256639     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168659      6.29%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106963      3.99%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33544      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55355      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11355      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7325      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6532      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35658      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2682030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1005353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1136350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               237210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              195919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           174302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          994121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        14673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        35658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4055613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2861758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 52670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                455589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1005353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1136350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1005353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.163899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.163899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316066                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316066                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5984568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1666280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1496389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         276619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2404262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1519050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            276619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       128386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              315645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         75678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       189934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          150799                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25608                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2964036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2648391     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          19064      0.64%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          24178      0.82%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38580      1.30%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          15876      0.54%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20774      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          24051      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          11227      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         161895      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2964036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.477563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2395670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       205864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          314024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        41745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1855970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2398639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       191015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          311185                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7184                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1843454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2575654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8569982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8569982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2122946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         452645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       174428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        89147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        20100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1797811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1713094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2964036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2239026     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329777     11.13%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135145      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76595      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       102150      3.45%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32488      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31101      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16436      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2964036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11854     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1657     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1535     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1443568     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23203      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157442      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88671      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1713094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.538567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6407424                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2036816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1666848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1728140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1798253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        30719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1682445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             243242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         237295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            88634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1666886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1666848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          998943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2685150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.524028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1234847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1521455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        26931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2271212     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326929     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118664      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58851      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53993      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22753      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22528      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10668      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30133      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1234847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1521455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               225483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              137925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           220518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1369803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        31397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        30133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4683786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3644785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 38386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                216799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1521455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.575894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.575894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7567802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2331694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1714435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         211844                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190862                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       100755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          615                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2244756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1330859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            211844                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        85850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              262702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         41520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       336391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          130561                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2871955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2609253     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9162      0.32%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19162      0.67%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           8104      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          42899      1.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          38532      1.34%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7497      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          15646      0.54%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         121700      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2871955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.066600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2220054                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       361543                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          261559                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          909                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        27881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        18633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1560692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1373                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        27881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2223711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        323859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        26799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          259142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1558447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         5009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          114                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1835424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7335266                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7335266                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1590394                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         245000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           26736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       365770                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       183881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1747                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1553232                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482064                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       141882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       345586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2871955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2337016     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164726      5.74%     87.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131777      4.59%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58407      2.03%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70783      2.46%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66678      2.32%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37729      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3045      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1794      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2871955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3594     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28092     86.43%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          818      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       932137     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12815      0.86%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354268     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182757     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482064                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.465936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5870367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1466871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1514568                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2289                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        27881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        315916                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1553427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365770                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        15037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1469949                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352716                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             535431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         192156                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           182715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1466962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1466871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          793637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1569102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461159                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1181669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1388484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        13142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2844074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2337033     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187315      6.59%     88.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87059      3.06%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85462      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23624      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97347      3.42%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7535      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5368      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13331      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2844074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1181669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1388484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               528928                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              347336                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           183348                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1234618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        13415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        13331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4384226                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3134898                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 49525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                308880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1181669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1388484                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1181669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.691816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.691816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.371496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.371496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        7260679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1707027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1849882                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         244695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1370494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            244695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       118773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              284649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         70918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       131374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          145224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2809144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2524495     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          13237      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20556      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          27782      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          29192      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          24804      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          13301      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20952      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         134825      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2809144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2323782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       156185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          283950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        40169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1679891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2330582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         19399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       121676                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          277581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1678221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2342748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7803088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7803088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1997867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         344871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           46780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       157937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        84235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        22441                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2809144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2139519     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276798      9.85%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139691      4.97%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104234      3.71%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81659      2.91%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33469      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21229      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11041      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1504      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2809144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1006     36.10%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328814     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23527      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143198      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83821      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496585                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5971380                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1879840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1553884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         15751                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1350                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        28844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             218359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         220507                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            83803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1553961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1553884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          892804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2405180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488514                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1432888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        25671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2764330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2174245     78.65%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293556     10.62%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109845      3.97%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52314      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45620      1.65%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25567      0.92%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21539      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10001      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31643      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2764330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1164472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1432888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               212453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              129830                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           206590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1291030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        29502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4407862                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3395211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 37410                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                371691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1164472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1432888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1164472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.731568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.731568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7003030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2166460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1556594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         275903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26841                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2397824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1515373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            275903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       128030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              314857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         75498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       194807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          150391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2960080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2645223     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          19019      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          24115      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          38474      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          15815      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          20719      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          23999      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11198      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         161518      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2960080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2387764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       210717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          313230                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        41631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1851382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2390735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       195872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          310383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1838858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2569328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8548721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8548721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2117553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         451775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       173960                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        88916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        20042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1793209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1708682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2960080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2236893     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328960     11.11%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134822      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76396      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101872      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32434      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31001      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16390      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2960080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11814     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1439863     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23130      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157033      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88446      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1708682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.537181                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6394587                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2031711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1662561                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1723676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1793650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173960                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        30636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1678125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             242615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         236675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            88409                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.527574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1662599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1662561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          996421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2678502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1231715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1517543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        26860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2911884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2269001     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326111     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118367      4.06%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58704      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53851      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22685      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22463      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10637      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30065      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2911884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1231715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1517543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               224898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              137559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           219943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1366265                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        31305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4675476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3635542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 38285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                220751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1231715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1517543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1231715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.582441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.582441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7548356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2325780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1710245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         176524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1708812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1043754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            176524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        84547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              213956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       195515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          106723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2159439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1945483     90.09%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11224      0.52%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17939      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          26784      1.24%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          11261      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          13377      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          13805      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9889      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         109677      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2159439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.055504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.328185                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1687229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       219559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          212156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        28674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1264504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1691879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         81201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       123828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          209032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1261238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          941                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1724476                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5879071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5879071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1418787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         305688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           41482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       128433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        70878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1257041                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1171596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193727                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2159439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.228820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658408     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204213      9.46%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112422      5.21%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73809      3.42%     94.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66814      3.09%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20473      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14898      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5113      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3289      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2159439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.64%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1251     43.38%     54.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1326     45.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       964099     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21528      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116527      9.95%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69313      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1171596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.368382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002462                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4507515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1451165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1149855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1174480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          919                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         62592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1257367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        21590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1154432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             179600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         156879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            69201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.362985                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1149993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1149855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          680236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1725145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.361546                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220737                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        19033                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2120375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1699920     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200471      9.45%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83145      3.92%     93.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42282      1.99%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31759      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18105      0.85%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11081      0.52%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9228      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24384      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2120375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       850646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1037322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               166678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              100752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           144271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          937609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        20229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3354037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2555198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1020946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1037322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.738788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.738788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.267466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.267466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5239376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1570087                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1199163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         174818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          829                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1691473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1034942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            174818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        83394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              211931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         58476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       193343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          105633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1924099     90.08%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11260      0.53%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17802      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          26333      1.23%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11075      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          13197      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          13650      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9537      0.45%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         109077      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2136030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.054960                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.325368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1668475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       217051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          210219                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        38935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        28403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1253136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1343                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        38935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1673116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         70077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       131779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          207030                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        15090                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1250018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1977                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1709416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5826730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5826730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1404256                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         305160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       126814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        70180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1245677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          286                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1160299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1639605     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202180      9.47%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111766      5.23%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73258      3.43%     94.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66018      3.09%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20097      0.94%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14758      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5076      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3272      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           304     10.80%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1199     42.61%     53.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1311     46.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       954941     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21343      1.84%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115191      9.93%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68696      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1160299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.364778                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002425                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4461393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1138779                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1163113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        38935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         56828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1245968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       126814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        21431                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1143222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109170                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             177754                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         155249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68584                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.359409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1138914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1138779                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          673970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1708858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.358013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394398                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       841887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1026541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          261                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2097095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1680615     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198467      9.46%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82374      3.93%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42309      2.02%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31246      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18029      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11021      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9128      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23906      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2097095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       841887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1026541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               164886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads               99663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           142750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          927848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        20002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        23906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3319881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2532357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1044805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            841887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1026541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       841887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.778221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.778221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.264675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.264675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5189369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1555306                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1188844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          260                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         245639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25664                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       100022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          94290                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24940                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2357490                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1375972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            245639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       119230                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              285767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         71154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       116943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          145795                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2805391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2519624     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          13286      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20651      0.74%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          27899      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          29280      1.04%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          24916      0.89%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          13343      0.48%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          21039      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         135353      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2805391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432582                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2333057                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       141896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          285067                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        44957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        40336                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1686478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        44957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2339885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         19122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       107585                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          278678                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        15159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1684831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2352120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7833738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7833738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2006150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         345967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           46977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       158504                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        84575                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        22591                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1681382                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1585884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2805391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2132945     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278070      9.91%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       140279      5.00%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104638      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81963      2.92%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33590      1.20%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21312      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11084      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1510      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2805391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1013     36.17%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1453     51.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1334152     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23623      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143751      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        84161      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1585884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.498575                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2801                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001766                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5980301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1887037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1560139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1588685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        44957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         15450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1681799                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158504                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84575                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        28951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1562510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       135086                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             219229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         221392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            84143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.491226                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1560218                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1560139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          896422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2414604                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.490481                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1169323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1438774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        25764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2760434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2167828     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       294878     10.68%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110285      4.00%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52513      1.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45848      1.66%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25670      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21604      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10043      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31765      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2760434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1169323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1438774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               213301                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              130348                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           207421                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1296347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        29620                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4410457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3408575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 37549                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                375444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1169323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1438774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1169323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.720236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.720236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.367615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.367615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7031236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2175261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1562830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2300503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1257639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        80175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2702529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2424166     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41197      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21609      0.80%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40551      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13317      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37459      1.39%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6001      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10518      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107711      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2702529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.069647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.395380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2267416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       114075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21865                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1412992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2271446                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         79459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        22663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          273857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12034                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1410077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         9737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1855035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6399341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1476718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         378312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           25770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2702529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133352     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183324      6.78%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185175      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108416      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58596      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15417      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17480      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2702529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2357     57.64%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.58%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023277     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10493      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225223     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41925      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.409016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5310090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         64356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            41898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.403166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1266312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1265752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          765134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1692085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2659465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2237208     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167178      6.29%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106301      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33278      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55065      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11216      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7265      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35490      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2659465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       999231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1128712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173169                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          987257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4025071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2845321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 52389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                478306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1128712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.183283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.183283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5949738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1655462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1488790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         245492                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          94248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2356027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1375136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            245492                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       119174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              285602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         71141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       126038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          145714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2812855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2527253     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          13278      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20643      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          27873      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          29278      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          24890      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13342      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          21026      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         135272      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2812855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2331604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       150982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          284901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        40309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1685489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2338428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         20170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       115638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          278513                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1683809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2350608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7829040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7829040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2004608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         346000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           46942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       158437                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        84525                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        22555                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1680340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1584850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          336                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498584                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2812855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140859     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277887      9.88%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       140165      4.98%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104574      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81911      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33579      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21299      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11070      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1511      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2812855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1014     36.19%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1453     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1333259     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23599      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143685      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        84110      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1584850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5985693                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1886024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1559092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1587652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         16488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1680757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158437                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84525                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        28939                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1561467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       135013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             219104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         221240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            84091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.490898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1559172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1559092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          895832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2413082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.490152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1168444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1437708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        25754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2767901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2175728     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       294664     10.65%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110200      3.98%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52487      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45812      1.66%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25643      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21591      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10034      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31742      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2767901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1168444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1437708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               213167                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              130265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           207263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1295395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        29599                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        31742                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4416917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3406507                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 37539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                367980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1168444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1437708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1168444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.722283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.722283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.367339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.367339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7026594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2173730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1561889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197300                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          647                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2310115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1264069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       152069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              280071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        78011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          141186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18671                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2711740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2431669     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          41441      1.53%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21879      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          40781      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13489      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37580      1.39%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6062      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10442      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         108397      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2711740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397402                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2277224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       111713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          279340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        22107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          427                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1421117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1783                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2281238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         73260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        26637                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          275565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1418126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         9627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1866544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6437272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6437272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1487570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         378952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       249028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        43073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          394                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2711740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2138769     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184614      6.81%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186801      6.89%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109076      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58507      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15580      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17606      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          362      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2711740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2392     57.86%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.46%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030037     78.70%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10609      0.81%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225708     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42429      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.411489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5335117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         58253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             264398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         195436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            42406                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.405603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1274270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1273698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          770038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1706181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.400429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.451323                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2668624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2243186     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168324      6.31%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107411      4.02%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33499      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55402      2.08%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11370      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7253      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6488      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35691      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2668624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1005526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1136563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               237238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              195938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           174330                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          994315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14677                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4041877                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2861075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 52485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                469095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1005526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1136563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1005526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.163354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.163354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.316120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.316120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5985188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1666434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1496255                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         244494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99547                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24827                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2346424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1369481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            244494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       118691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              284489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         71044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       119894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          145158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2795969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2511480     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          13227      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20590      0.74%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          27772      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          29215      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          24704      0.88%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          13228      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          20917      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         134836      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2795969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.076865                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2322098                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       144743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          283781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          413                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44928                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        40094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1678906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44928                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2328893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         20176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       109472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          277426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1677218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2341173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7798606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7798606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1995518                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         345655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           46797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       157952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        84166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        22393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1673735                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1578004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499682                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2795969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2126926     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276652      9.89%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139475      4.99%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104175      3.73%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81654      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33341      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21200      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11012      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2795969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.90%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          998     36.00%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1444     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1327557     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23471      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143059      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83721      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1578004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.496097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2772                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5955173                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1879580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1552230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1580776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44928                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         16518                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1565                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1674149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14878                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        28886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1554587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134378                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             218081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         220229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            83703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.488736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1552306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1552230                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          891956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2403359                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.487995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1163111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1431213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        25684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2751041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2161584     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293311     10.66%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109702      3.99%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52265      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45493      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25538      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21565      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10013      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31570      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2751041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1163111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1431213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               212206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              129678                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           206358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1289521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        29471                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        31570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4393622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3393266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 37407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                384866                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1163111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1431213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1163111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.734765                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.734765                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.365662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.365662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6995585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2164226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1555345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772602.854626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906255.268775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772602.854626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906255.268775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772602.854626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906255.268775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.542110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.402920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.072843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    77.461290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1926.605057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.037823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.940725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182021571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      182021571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     182021571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49561188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166651172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49561188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166651172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49561188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166651172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906199.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785838.818792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952292.411429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906199.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785838.818792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952292.411429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906199.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785838.818792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952292.411429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.257121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.059908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    53.471981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1934.309168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.944487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200419599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      200419599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     200419599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.542966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.404321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    16.071392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    77.279568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1926.787686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.037734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.940814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41436216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125299431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166735647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41436216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125299431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      166735647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41436216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125299431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     166735647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1593700.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840935.778523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952775.125714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1593700.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840935.778523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952775.125714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1593700.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840935.778523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952775.125714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39153416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112215805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151369221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39153416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112215805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151369221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39153416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112215805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151369221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1505900.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753126.208054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864966.977143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1505900.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753126.208054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864966.977143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1505900.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753126.208054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864966.977143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.382006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          78428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        34.099130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.333614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.476816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   119.518262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1883.053314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.058359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.919460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          420                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   421                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56608630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190733398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247342028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56608630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190733398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      247342028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56608630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190733398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     247342028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2177255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 840235.233480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977636.474308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2177255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 840235.233480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977636.474308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2177255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 840235.233480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977636.474308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54324925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    170802695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225127620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54324925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    170802695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225127620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54324925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    170802695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225127620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089420.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 752434.779736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889832.490119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089420.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 752434.779736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889832.490119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089420.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 752434.779736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889832.490119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.257237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.055553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    53.462495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1934.322439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.944493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 126                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     199431471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      199431471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     199431471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.254032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.252505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.252505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          453                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.479139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         127558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        51.002799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.429923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.639342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   215.952096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1800.457778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.012519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.879130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          426                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 453                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65398355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    441156404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     506554759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2387712                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2387712                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65398355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    443544116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      508942471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65398355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    443544116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     508942471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.472747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.487594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.471761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.486574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.471761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.486574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2422161.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1038015.068235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1120696.369469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2387712                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2387712                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2422161.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1041183.370892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1123493.313466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2422161.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1041183.370892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1123493.313466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 95                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      95                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63027755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    403832888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466860643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2299912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2299912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63027755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406132800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469160555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63027755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406132800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469160555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.472747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.487594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.471761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.471761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334361.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 950195.030588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032877.528761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2299912                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2299912                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334361.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 953363.380282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035674.514349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334361.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 953363.380282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035674.514349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.545111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.407555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.063413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    77.369516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1926.704628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.037778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.940774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39597058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125647706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165244764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39597058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125647706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      165244764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39597058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125647706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     165244764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1522963.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843273.194631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944255.794286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1522963.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843273.194631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944255.794286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1522963.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843273.194631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944255.794286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37313259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112563587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149876846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37313259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112563587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149876846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37313259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112563587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149876846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1435125.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755460.315436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856439.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1435125.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755460.315436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856439.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1435125.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755460.315436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856439.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.258772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.417889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.027530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    53.367365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1934.445987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.026058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.944554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111848409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99016931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     210865340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111848409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99016931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      210865340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111848409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99016931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     210865340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4142533.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010376.846939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1686922.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4142533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010376.846939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1686922.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4142533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010376.846939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1686922.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109477809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90411222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199889031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109477809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90411222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199889031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109477809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90411222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199889031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054733.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922563.489796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599112.248000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054733.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922563.489796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599112.248000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054733.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922563.489796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599112.248000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          660                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2043.373927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          96477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        35.718993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.507388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.040153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   267.392407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1625.433979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.130563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.793669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.997741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   400                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 658                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    576676883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     648845215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66499720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66499720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643176603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      715344935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643176603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     715344935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.586458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1024292.865009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101604.779287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 963764.057971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963764.057971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017684.498418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1087150.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017684.498418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1087150.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                360                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     360                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    527045465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596926158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     60500613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60500613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    587546078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    657426771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    587546078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    657426771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.586458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 936137.593250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013456.974533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876820.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876820.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929661.515823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999128.831307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929661.515823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999128.831307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          646                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2043.231102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          96464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        35.886905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.307529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.062427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   260.518989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1629.342158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.011261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.127207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.795577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.997671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 644                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60943092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    584804595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     645747687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65008440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65008440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60943092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    649813035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      710756127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60943092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    649813035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     710756127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.583864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.619827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.619827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2437723.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1063281.081818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123039.455652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942151.304348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942151.304348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2437723.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1049778.731826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103658.582298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2437723.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1049778.731826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103658.582298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                349                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     349                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58748092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    536514595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595262687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     58950240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58950240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58748092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    595464835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    654212927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58748092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    595464835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    654212927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.583864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2349923.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 975481.081818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035239.455652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854351.304348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854351.304348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2349923.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961978.731826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015858.582298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2349923.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961978.731826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015858.582298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.534724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         133565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.164414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.391983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.126989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    77.772914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1926.242837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.940548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          363                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   364                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42715983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    118966802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161682785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42715983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    118966802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      161682785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42715983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    118966802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     161682785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.324675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.324675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1642922.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798434.912752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923901.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1642922.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798434.912752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923901.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1642922.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798434.912752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923901.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     40432140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    105880448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146312588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     40432140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    105880448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146312588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     40432140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    105880448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146312588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1555082.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710607.033557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836071.931429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1555082.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710607.033557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836071.931429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1555082.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710607.033557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836071.931429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          251                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.366560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.113528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.468070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   119.231380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1883.342421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.058218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.919601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 252                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55320017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254915362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55320017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      254915362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55320017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     254915362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127692.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883165.243363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011568.896825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127692.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883165.243363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011568.896825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127692.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883165.243363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011568.896825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53037217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232787892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53037217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232787892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53037217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232787892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039892.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.969027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923761.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039892.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.969027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923761.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039892.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.969027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923761.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.538253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         133565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.164414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.397974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.100882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    77.650794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1926.388602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.037915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.940619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   364                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158817269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      158817269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     158817269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.324675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.324675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719550.496644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819716.217143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719550.496644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819716.217143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719550.496644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819716.217143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.384273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.336685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.452894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   118.490586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1884.104108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.057857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.919973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60578644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191901055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     252479699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60578644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191901055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      252479699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60578644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191901055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     252479699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2329947.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852893.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005895.215139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2329947.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852893.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1005895.215139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2329947.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852893.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1005895.215139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58294313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172141737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230436050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58294313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172141737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230436050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58294313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172141737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230436050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2242088.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765074.386667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918071.912351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2242088.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765074.386667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918071.912351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2242088.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765074.386667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918071.912351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.540923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.401189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.091747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    77.558776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1926.489211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.037870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.940669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41759402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125690417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     167449819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41759402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125690417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      167449819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41759402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125690417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     167449819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1606130.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843559.845638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956856.108571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1606130.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843559.845638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956856.108571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1606130.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843559.845638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956856.108571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39476472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112603193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152079665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39476472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112603193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152079665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39476472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112603193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152079665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1518325.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755726.127517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869026.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1518325.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755726.127517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869026.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1518325.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755726.127517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869026.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              491.270047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              844475784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1682222.677291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.270047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         145012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        145012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       145056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50858                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50858                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              127666680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             167321.992136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   156.055639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    99.944361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.609592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.390408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        98478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        82090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         180568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        180568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    584895083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584895083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1101233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1101233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585996316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    585996316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585996316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    585996316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       100076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 366016.948060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 366016.948060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78659.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78659.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154568886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154568886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154761186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154761186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154761186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154761186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 306684.297619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 306684.297619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              475.101704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              847791033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1751634.365702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.101704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.032214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       150503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       150503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3556710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       592785                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              123781761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             170733.463448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   153.611549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   102.388451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.600045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.399955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       118254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         205222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        205222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    271544577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271544577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       751021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    272295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    272295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       119444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        86976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       206420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       206420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 228188.720168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228188.720168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93877.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93877.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120400891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120400891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       208398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120609289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120609289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120609289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120609289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 258371.010730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258371.010730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              491.268141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              844475980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1682223.067729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    16.268141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.026071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       145208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       145208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         145208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       145208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        145208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46994369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46994369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46994369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46994369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46994369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46994369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       145244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       145244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       145244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       145244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       145244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1305399.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305399.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1305399.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305399.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1305399.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305399.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41716729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41716729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41716729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41716729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41716729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41716729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545064.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545064.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545064.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545064.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545064.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545064.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              127666971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             167322.373526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   155.804301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   100.195699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.608611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.391389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        98624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         180859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        180859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    576917955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    576917955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1182635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1182635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    578100590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    578100590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    578100590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578100590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       100227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       182476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       182476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 359898.911416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 359898.911416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84473.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84473.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 357514.279530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 357514.279530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 357514.279530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 357514.279530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    149697409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149697409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       205589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    149902998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149902998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    149902998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149902998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 297018.668651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297018.668651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68529.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68529.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 295666.662722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295666.662722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 295666.662722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295666.662722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              542.477978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750173464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1354103.725632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.745627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.732351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.025233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.844122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         141267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        141267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85636395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85636395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85636395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85636395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85636395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85636395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       141310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       141310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991544.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1991544.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56890526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56890526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56890526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56890526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56890526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56890526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2107056.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107056.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              171131865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             189514.800664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   155.112744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   100.887256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.605909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.394091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         242861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        242861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1002829705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002829705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1285287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1285287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004114992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1004114992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004114992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1004114992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       204045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       245132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       245132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444516.713209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444516.713209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85685.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85685.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220006337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220006337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220198637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220198637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220198637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220198637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341624.746894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341624.746894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              475.097151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              847791325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1751634.969008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.097151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.032207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        150750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       150795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       150795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3825286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 637547.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              123782143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             170733.990345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   153.567330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   102.432670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.599872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.400128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    261684789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    261684789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       750671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    262435460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    262435460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    262435460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    262435460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219534.218960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219534.218960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93833.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93833.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117228370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117228370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117436745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117436745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117436745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117436745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 251024.346895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251024.346895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69458.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69458.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              568.635911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              868078470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1520277.530648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.584809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.051102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.042604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         130512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        130512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    114385800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114385800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    114385800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114385800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    114385800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114385800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       130561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       130561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334404.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2334404.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334404.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2334404.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334404.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2334404.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65686555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65686555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65686555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65686555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65686555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65686555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2345948.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2345948.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2345948.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2345948.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2345948.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2345948.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              332250254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             286669.761864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   105.724799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   150.275201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.412987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.587013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       332830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       181391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       514221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         514221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       514221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        514221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1749308860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1749308860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5763429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5763429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1755072289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1755072289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1755072289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1755072289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       336064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       181404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       517468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       517468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 540911.830550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 540911.830550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 443340.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443340.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 540521.185402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 540521.185402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 540521.185402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 540521.185402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    476849244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476849244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2603951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2603951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    479453195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479453195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    479453195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    479453195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 530421.850945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530421.850945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 650987.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650987.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 530955.919158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530955.919158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 530955.919158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530955.919158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.259083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              844475961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1682223.029880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.259083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.026056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         145189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        145189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44478402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44478402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44478402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44478402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44478402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44478402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       145224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       145224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1270811.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1270811.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1270811.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1270811.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1270811.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1270811.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39877465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39877465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39877465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39877465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39877465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39877465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1476943.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476943.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1476943.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476943.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1476943.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476943.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              127666937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167322.328965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   155.970877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   100.029123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.609261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.390739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         180825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        180825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    563507842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563507842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1158133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    564665975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    564665975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    564665975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    564665975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       100207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351533.276357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351533.276357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82723.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82723.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349205.921459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 349205.921459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349205.921459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 349205.921459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150060345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150060345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150252645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150252645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150252645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150252645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 297738.779762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297738.779762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 296356.301775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296356.301775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 296356.301775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296356.301775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              475.066049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              847790920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1751634.132231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.066049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.032157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         150345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        150345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188324399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188324399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188324399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    188324399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188324399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    188324399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       150387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       150387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483914.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4483914.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3826763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 637793.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112217524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112217524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112217524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112217524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112217524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112217524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869569.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869569.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              123781605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             170733.248276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   153.486824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   102.513176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.599558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.400442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       118166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    279438500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279438500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       751157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280189657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    280189657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280189657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    280189657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       119356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        86908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 234822.268908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234822.268908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93894.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93894.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 233881.182805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233881.182805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 233881.182805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233881.182805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123895951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123895951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124104366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124104366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124104366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124104366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 265871.139485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265871.139485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 264614.852878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264614.852878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 264614.852878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264614.852878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              515.676357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              849067129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1642296.187621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.676357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         106681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        106681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       106722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       106722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              141285786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             109864.530327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   194.755797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    61.244203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.760765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.239235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         145908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        145908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1494854386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494854386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    547924526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    547924526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2042778912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2042778912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2042778912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2042778912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        83286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.028900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 621044.614042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621044.614042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1003524.772894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003524.772894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    608218861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    608218861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67192320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67192320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    675411181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    675411181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    675411181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    675411181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 633561.313542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633561.313542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946370.704225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946370.704225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              514.662870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              849066043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1645476.827519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.662870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.039524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.824780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       105595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       105595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         105595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       105595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        105595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86417250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86417250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86417250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86417250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86417250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86417250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       105633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       105633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       105633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       105633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       105633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2274138.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2274138.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61224006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61224006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61224006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2354769.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354769.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              141284094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             111334.983452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   194.683852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    61.316148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.760484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.239516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        79936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       144257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         144257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       144257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        144257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1569699068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1569699068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    534274131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    534274131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103973199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2103973199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103973199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2103973199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          130                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          130                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       147219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       147219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.029243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.020120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.020120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 651868.383721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651868.383721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 964393.738267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964393.738267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    615858070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615858070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65709340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65709340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    681567410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    681567410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    681567410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    681567410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 653777.144374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 653777.144374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 925483.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 925483.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              491.327846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              844476528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1682224.159363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.327846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.026166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       145756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       145756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         145756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       145756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        145756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49894732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49894732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49894732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49894732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49894732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49894732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       145795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       145795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       145795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       145795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       145795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1279352.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1279352.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1279352.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1279352.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1279352.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1279352.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43010650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43010650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43010650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43010650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43010650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43010650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1592987.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592987.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1592987.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592987.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1592987.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592987.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              127667656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             166233.927083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   156.370470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    99.629530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.610822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.389178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        98992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         181540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        181540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    569998497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    569998497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1155407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    571153904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    571153904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    571153904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    571153904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       100608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       183170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       183170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 352721.842203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 352721.842203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82529.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82529.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350401.168098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 350401.168098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350401.168098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 350401.168098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    143741651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143741651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    143933951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143933951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    143933951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143933951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 282400.100196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282400.100196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 281120.998047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281120.998047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 281120.998047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281120.998047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.469221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1354102.388087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.736153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.733069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.025218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84450924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84450924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84450924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84450924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84450924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84450924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963974.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1963974.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963974.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1963974.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963974.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1963974.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55601890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55601890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55601890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55601890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55601890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55601890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2059329.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059329.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2059329.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059329.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2059329.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059329.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             189934.578246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   155.014453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   100.985547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.605525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.394475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045218559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1045218559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046503501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046503501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046503501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046503501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466199.178858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466199.178858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463670.137794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463670.137794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463670.137794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463670.137794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228791472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228791472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 356373.009346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356373.009346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355013.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355013.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355013.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355013.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.299746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              844476451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1682224.005976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.299746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.026121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         145679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        145679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       145714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       145714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              127667555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             166233.795573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   156.294795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    99.705205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.610527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.389473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        98941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        82498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         181439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        181439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    551630852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    551630852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1182537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1182537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552813389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    552813389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552813389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    552813389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       100558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341144.620903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341144.620903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84466.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84466.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145034158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145034158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       205582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145239740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145239740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145239740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145239740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284939.406680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284939.406680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68527.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68527.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              542.454782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750173344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1354103.509025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.720409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.734373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.025193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.844126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         141147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        141147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79265554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79265554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79265554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79265554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79265554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79265554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       141186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       141186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2032450.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2032450.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2032450.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2032450.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2032450.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2032450.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60859917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60859917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60859917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60859917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60859917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60859917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2254071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2254071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2254071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171131731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             190146.367778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   154.941263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   101.058737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.605239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.394761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       201648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         242730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        242730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    994477610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994477610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1179556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    995657166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995657166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    995657166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995657166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       203917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       245014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       245014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438288.942265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438288.942265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78637.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78637.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435926.955342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435926.955342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435926.955342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435926.955342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221096569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221096569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221288869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221288869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221288869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221288869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344924.444618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344924.444618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343616.256211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343616.256211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343616.256211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343616.256211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              491.289491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              844475892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1682222.892430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.289491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.026105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       145120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       145120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         145120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       145120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        145120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48490136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48490136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48490136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48490136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48490136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48490136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       145158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       145158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       145158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       145158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       145158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1276056.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1276056.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1276056.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1276056.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1276056.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1276056.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42064220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42064220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42064220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42064220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42064220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42064220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1557934.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557934.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1557934.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557934.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1557934.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557934.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              127666791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             167322.137615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   156.275912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    99.724088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.610453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.389547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         180679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        180679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    614497615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    614497615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1104775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1104775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    615602390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    615602390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    615602390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    615602390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 382864.557632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 382864.557632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78912.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78912.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380236.189006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 380236.189006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380236.189006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 380236.189006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150089658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150089658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150281958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150281958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150281958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150281958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297796.940476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297796.940476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 296414.118343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296414.118343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 296414.118343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296414.118343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
