
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10684733871                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535512327408                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402173                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   509029                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39948.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16066378725                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20335152365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       391936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       274560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       151424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       147712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       273408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       406144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       181632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       405120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       387712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       392832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       401280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       393344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       393984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       180736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       253952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4963328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1202432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1202432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9394                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9394                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     36681868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       371371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25696475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14171995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13824584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       323452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25588658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       431270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     38011616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       431270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     16999207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       431270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37915778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36286538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36765726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       455229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     37556387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       455229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36813645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       407310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36873544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23947438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       467209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16915349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       419290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23767742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               464525187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       371371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       323452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       431270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       431270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       431270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       455229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       455229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       407310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       467209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       419290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6708637                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112537384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112537384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112537384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     36681868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       371371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25696475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14171995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13824584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       323452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25588658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       431270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     38011616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       431270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     16999207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       431270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37915778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36286538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36765726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       455229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     37556387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       455229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36813645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       407310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36873544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23947438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       467209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16915349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       419290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23767742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              577062571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2078050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850062                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9059                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20167717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11797184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2078050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2469493                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        596308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       364365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1241979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206392                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23388426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20918933     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133103      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210708      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336338      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139398      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155122      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166728      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109141      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1218955      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23388426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081101                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19980979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       552930                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2461571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       386570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340667                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14401304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       386570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        175079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       287996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2437268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14392217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4034                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19979208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66946199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66946199                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2955193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2043                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          271086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1371439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14372062                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13590506                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17165                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4119996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23388426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17660205     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298472      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255521      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858240      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802923      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229365      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180544      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60757      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42399      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23388426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3228     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9847     38.55%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12467     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11384715     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215040      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256205      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732900      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13590506                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530405                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25542                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50612144                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16220468                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13369546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       386570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        118653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14375786                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1371439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2043                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9046                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13395570                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884050                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13369765                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13369546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7815996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20420187                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2118607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209064                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23001856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18024448     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2410985     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939301      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505486      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377823      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210988      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130773      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116140      0.50%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285912      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23001856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37091677                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29138213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2234438                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.562286                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.562286                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60404556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18533026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13433997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1936409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733420                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308464                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20553725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11009347                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1936409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1391444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2454305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        516139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       305163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1245491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23671997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21217692     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         378502      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         185263      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         374452      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         115865      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         348038      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          53727      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86254      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         912204      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23671997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075573                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.429669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20355086                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       508848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2449281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1979                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       356799                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       178074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1980                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12277427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4740                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       356799                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20378084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        303617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       134529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2426714                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        72250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12258170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        55700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16023705                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55500286                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55500286                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12930130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3093561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          814                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          165910                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248962                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       350062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        78122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12193841                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1607                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11399909                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2249472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4619189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23671997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18674449     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555704      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693673      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972612      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498968      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125583      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144641      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3546      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2821      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23671997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18681     57.02%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7761     23.69%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6318     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8915571     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87007      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049889     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346653      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11399909                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.444912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32760                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46512095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444958                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11105504                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11432669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       356799                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        218566                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12195462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248962                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          813                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          220                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       165425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11256850                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020986                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2367580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1713529                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           346594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.439328                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11108537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11105504                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6726127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14513629                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.433422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463435                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8844479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9928598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2267365                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       155348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23315198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19632479     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436476      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931553      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293235      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491886      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93874      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59651      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53861      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322183      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23315198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8844479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9928598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2121146                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1780094                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1525796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8668409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       121456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       322183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35188939                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24749018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                465317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1950867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8844479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9928598                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8844479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.897046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.897046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52375426                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14436732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13092063                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2323450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934419                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880649                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846567                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9800                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20199473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12744545                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2323450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1096152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2655121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        593595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       657184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1255938                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23890739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21235618     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         162756      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         203857      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         326578      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136955      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         175884      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         204797      0.86%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          94681      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1349613      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23890739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090679                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20079961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       788244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2642544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       378678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       353523                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15580065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       378678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20100731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         65207                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       665668                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2622990                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        57457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15484099                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21623013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71999151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71999151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     18060946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3562061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3727                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          202459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       757677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       170455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15114854                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14489876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793129                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23890739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17754192     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796449     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144769      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641470      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869305      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268806      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263215      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141325      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23890739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100128     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13740     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12955     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12205834     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197898      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1329240      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       755113      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14489876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126823                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53012727                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16971680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14110484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14616699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10878                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278664                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       378678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49643                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15118600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120010                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       245070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14236762                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306777                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2061757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2012561                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           754980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555627                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14110580                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14110484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8452871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22711097                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372191                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12947666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2170974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       214277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23512061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18032669     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2776821     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008269      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501607      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459857      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193211      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190928      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91157      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257542      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23512061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10507451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12947666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1919991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1173921                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1876593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11657249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       267381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       257542                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38373081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30615979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                308261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1732125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10507451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12947666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10507451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.438542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.438542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410081                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410081                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       64054735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19716953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14405733                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2324662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9811                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20201411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12748868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2324662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1096436                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2655254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        594753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       656259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1256460                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23892690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21237436     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         162328      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         203619      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         326569      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         137196      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         176175      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         205118      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          94755      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1349494      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23892690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.497558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20082263                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       787059                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2642522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1354                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       379491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       353227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15582414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       379491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20103190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         65288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       664407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2622901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        57405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15485604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21626262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     72001049                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     72001049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18054402                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3571846                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          201667                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451700                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       757410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       169092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15113832                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14488398                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15416                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1855966                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3790552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23892690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17757804     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795456     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143911      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641267      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869345      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269218      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263182      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141299      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23892690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100151     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13747     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12965     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12205510     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197808      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328295      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754994      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14488398                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126863                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53011763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16973643                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14108867                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14615261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10984                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278188                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       379491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15117578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451700                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120295                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       245928                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14234721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2060854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2012167                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           754880                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555548                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14108963                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14108867                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8451726                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22707041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372207                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10503700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12943049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2174564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       214639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23513199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18036096     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775655     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007988      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501486      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459168      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193203      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190802      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90947      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257854      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23513199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10503700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12943049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1919341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1173512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1875931                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11653106                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       267293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       257854                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           38372880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30614736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1730174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10503700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12943049                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10503700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.439413                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.439413                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       64046452                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19715040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14409694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1937587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156490                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278471                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4656                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20552590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11012750                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1937587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1391733                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2454444                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        516506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       303576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1245498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153274                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23669797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21215353     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         378174      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         185497      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         374251      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         115270      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         348239      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          53573      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          86849      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         912591      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23669797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.429802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20354967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       506254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2449383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       357188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       178773                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1974                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12281901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       357188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20377793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        302048                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       133608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2426989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        72167                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12262352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        55691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16027915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     55516630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     55516630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12930094                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3097806                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          166230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2249621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       350145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        78769                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12197254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11402024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2252958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4626597                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23669797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18672287     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553961      6.57%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694876      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973261      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498685      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125686      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144755      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3460      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2826      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23669797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18611     57.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7736     23.69%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6303     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8917061     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87008      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050447     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346719      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11402024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.444994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46513896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14451869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11107716                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11434674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9091                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       357188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        217408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12198877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2249621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       165372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11258772                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2367721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1714194                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           346669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.439403                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11110696                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11107716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6727118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14515894                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.433508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463431                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8844462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9928574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2270797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       155334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23312609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19630549     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435869      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931576      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293187      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491716      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93755      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59750      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53803      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322404      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23312609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8844462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9928574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2121147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1780093                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1525792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8668385                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       121456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       322404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35189537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          24756222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                465662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1953067                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8844462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9928574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8844462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.897052                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.897052                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.345179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.345179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       52382941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14439300                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13095880                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1997379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       750608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711756                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4675                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21154708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12563224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1997379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       821729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2484100                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        335545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       476223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1216302                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107106                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24341154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21857054     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          88544      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         181926      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          75795      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         411820      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         367656      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          70566      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         148757      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1139036      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24341154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.490313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21036442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       596094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2474901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7835                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       225879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       175899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14732724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       225879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21058288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        418057                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       110897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2462321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        65709                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14724012                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        27685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        24051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          405                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17295847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     69346229                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     69346229                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15310942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1984891                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          169296                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3471115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1754303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        85933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14693294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1779                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14116640                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1152039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2771393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24341154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19328426     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497515      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233852      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532647      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675648      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653620      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371812      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29156      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18478      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24341154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35994     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278617     86.34%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8079      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8859857     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123470      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382573     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1749896     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14116640                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550939                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52904695                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15847483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13994624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14439330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25864                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11446                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       225879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        381338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14695088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3471115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12369                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       124750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14017029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5120917                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1836462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1749716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.547052                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13995180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13994624                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7560780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14901732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.546177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11362236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13352592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1343694                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       108912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24115275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19275386     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764751      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828755      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819012      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222994      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952946      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71483      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51893      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128055      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24115275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11362236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13352592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5076283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3333431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1763148                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11873866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       128055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           38683467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29618500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                465783                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1281710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11362236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13352592                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11362236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.255090                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.255090                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443441                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443441                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       69286092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16256733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17533089                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2113647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       889399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218139                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20379494                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11809831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2113647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1049052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2465085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        569066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       465399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1248288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209164                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23667273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21202188     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         115132      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         182519      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         246522      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         253705      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         215319      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         120401      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         179750      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1151737      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23667273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20174974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       671889                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2460622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       357035                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       347718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14492771                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       357035                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20230347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        138299                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       407857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2408708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       125024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14487188                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        16562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        54709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     20218520                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     67386557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     67386557                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17525306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2693212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1826                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          377325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       734052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8527                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       214375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14468506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3561                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13745604                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1594609                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3801667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23667273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17817816     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2431479     10.27%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225237      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901031      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710784      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289357      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183213      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95489      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12867      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23667273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2476     10.77%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8408     36.59%     47.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12097     52.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11562054     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204446      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1723      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1245760      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731621      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13745604                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536459                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22981                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51183487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16066730                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13535759                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13768585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       357035                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        111069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14472084                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1826                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117375                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       238839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1171849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1903416                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1926176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           731567                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.528940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13535874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13535759                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7770597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20942071                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528269                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371052                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10215974                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12570660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1901431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       211471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23310238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18126061     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2582637     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       963680      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459160      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404686      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223651      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184264      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88192      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       277907      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23310238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10215974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12570660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1862516                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1138339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1812637                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11326157                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       258925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       277907                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37504357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29301235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                310726                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1955591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10215974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12570660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10215974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.508118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.508118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60997472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18858566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13433112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1998531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21155606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12569896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1998531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       822081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2485155                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        336761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       475908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1216384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24344069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21858914     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          88943      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         181341      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          75229      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         413001      1.70%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         367449      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          70313      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         148756      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1140123      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24344069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077998                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21037583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       595516                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2475930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7887                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       227150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       175842                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14741382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       227150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21059144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        416731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       111770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2463669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        65602                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14732712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        23978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          412                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17306008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     69386731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     69386731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15310741                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1995244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1727                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          167618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472510                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1754381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16350                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        85164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14701642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14120435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7749                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1160561                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2794858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24344069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19330326     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497710      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234351      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531970      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676069      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654357      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371475      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29286      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18525      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24344069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35922     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278647     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8051      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8862447     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123553      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383395     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750196     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14120435                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.551087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322620                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52915304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15864315                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13998016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14443055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          383                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       227150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        380006                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14703387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472510                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          883                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          383                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       124804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14020535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5121605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1836419                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1750033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547188                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13998575                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13998016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7561711                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14907701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11362047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13352376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1352335                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       108838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24116919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19277054     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764349      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828990      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819262      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222931      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953156      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71411      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51837      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127929      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24116919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11362047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13352376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5076154                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3333343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1763122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11873676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38693662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29636632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                465714                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1278795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11362047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13352376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11362047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.255127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.255127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       69302643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16260796                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      17540337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2082182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702656                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9037                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20177010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11819419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2082182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1030415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2473722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        596336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       356717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1242208                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205866                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23394928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20921206     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133690      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         210521      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         336570      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         139609      0.60%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         155991      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         166046      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         109059      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1222236      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23394928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081263                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19990107                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       545425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2465674                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6521                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       387198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       341391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14429022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       387198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20021658                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        174694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       279418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2441225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        90730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14420130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        25215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        34280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4509                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20019173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67072597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67072597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17050100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2969068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          273521                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       738296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       169338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14399103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13612992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1854489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4141324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          287                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23394928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17658193     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300054      9.83%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259398      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858756      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       804637      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229685      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180841      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61057      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42307      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23394928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3232     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9871     38.62%     51.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12456     48.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11403393     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215395      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1649      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258482      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       734073      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13612992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50663760                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16257353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13391490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13638551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41908                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22964                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          876                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       387198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        118573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14402737                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117728                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       236013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13417820                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1917447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1887452                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           733733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523666                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13391733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13391490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7829833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20455718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10015464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12276027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2126748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       208467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23007730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18022685     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2415061     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940359      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506432      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378277      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210928      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131294      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116112      0.50%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286582      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23007730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10015464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12276027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1840636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1125304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1762294                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11061460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       249373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       286582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37123858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29192783                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                327437                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2227936                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10015464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12276027                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10015464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.558330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.558330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60503605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18563882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13459001                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2078134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816785                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9077                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20169960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11798023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2078134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1029959                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2469992                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        596768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       362613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242077                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23389961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20919969     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         133337      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210693      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         336517      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         139319      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         155000      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         166692      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109174      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1219260      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23389961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081105                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19983313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       551038                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2462094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       387121                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14403778                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       387121                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20014411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        174112                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       286473                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2437963                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89876                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14394900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4593                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19985176                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66957848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66957848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17025697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2959470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3644                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          270748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372328                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       737673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       168971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14374972                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13592408                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4127769                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23389961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17660354     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299128      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255931      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858948      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802695      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229244      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180489      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60736      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42436      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23389961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3239     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9875     38.62%     51.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12454     48.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11385785     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215035      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256889      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733053      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13592408                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50617633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16224974                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13371228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13617976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       387121                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        118457                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372328                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1994                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       236363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13397325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1914316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1884232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           732702                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522866                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13371433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13371228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7816643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20423016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382737                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2120117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       208984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23002840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18024553     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411663     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939897      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504781      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378081      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210916      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130843      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116055      0.50%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286051      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23002840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10001128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12258555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1838036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1123726                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1759819                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11045715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       286051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37095396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29144509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                327651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2232903                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10001128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12258555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10001128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.561997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.561997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60411450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18536356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13435013                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1998206                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106779                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       749605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109964                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21160310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12569741                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1998206                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       821478                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2484478                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        336463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       476579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1216681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24348420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21863942     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          88420      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181643      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          75480      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         411588      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         367393      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          70802      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         149335      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1139817      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24348420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.490567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21041060                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       597398                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2475232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7921                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       226806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       175777                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14740849                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       226806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21063139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        418314                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       111136                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2462485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        66537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14732327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          494                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17307740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     69384986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     69384986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15311977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1995757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1725                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          170846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1754587                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        86288                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14701466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14121361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1159469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2791601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24348420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19334035     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497784      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234676      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532533      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676292      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653519      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371706      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29373      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18502      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24348420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35812     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278718     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8061      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8862733     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123515      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383909     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750360     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14121361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.551123                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322591                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52921529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15863049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13998364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14443952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138861                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          386                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       226806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        381679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14703213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754587                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          386                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       124808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14021096                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371891                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5122088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1836441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1750197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13998921                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13998364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7562839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14909040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11363226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13353717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1350757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       108889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24121614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19281393     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764776      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828956      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818908      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222968      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953165      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71538      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51900      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128010      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24121614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11363226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13353717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5076956                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3333880                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1763284                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11874855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       128010                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38698039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29635799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                466039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1274444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11363226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13353717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11363226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.254893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.254893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       69304761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16263468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17540440                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1998904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1803180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       754626                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109902                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4684                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21162165                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12573687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1998904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       822261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2485998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        337403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       470178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1216911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24346205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21860207     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          88595      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         181643      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75902      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         412270      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         367540      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          70738      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         148941      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1140369      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24346205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.078013                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21044028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       589966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2476706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       227613                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14746583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       227613                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21065963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        412235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       110191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2464058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        66142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14737784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17313208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     69410965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     69410965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15310534                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2002662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1716                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          170400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3473123                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1754424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14705645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14120775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7668                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1165527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2813476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24346205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19331956     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498373      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233919      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532345      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676480      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653585      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371697      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29298      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18552      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24346205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35819     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278636     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8064      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8863196     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123442      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383241     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750052     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14120775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.551101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52917942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15873275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13998210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14443294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25743                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139863                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          384                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11658                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1252                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       227613                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        375917                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14707382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3473123                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          872                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12304                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          384                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       125055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14020749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5121234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1836564                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1749890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547197                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13998763                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13998210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7561898                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14910061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546317                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507167                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11361849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13352151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1356564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       109016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24118592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19278508     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764743      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829165      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818959      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223066      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952765      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71579      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51818      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127989      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24118592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11361849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13352151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5076019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3333253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1763095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11873478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       127989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38699279                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29645090                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                466150                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1276659                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11361849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13352151                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11361849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255167                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255167                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443426                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443426                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       69301902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16262142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17543724                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2078544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205076                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851088                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816421                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213459                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9118                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20165686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11798447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2078544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1029880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2469480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        597151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       359446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1242141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23382222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20912742     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         133104      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210258      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         336131      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         139524      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         155291      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166883      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         109258      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1219031      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23382222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081121                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19979546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       547425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2461605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       387330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340734                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14403238                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       387330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20010711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        175793                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       281965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2437394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        89024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14394336                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3944                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19983504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66954476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66954476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17016722                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2966782                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3655                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2007                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          269790                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       736788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22220                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       169218                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14374484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13590298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17237                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134286                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          347                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23382222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17653481     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298836      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256077      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858088      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803065      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229045      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180244      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60993      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42393      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23382222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3220     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9838     38.63%     51.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12411     48.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11384893     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214973      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256260      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732526      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13590298                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25469                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50605524                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16231852                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13368424                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13615767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40520                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       387330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        119840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117861                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       236611                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13394369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1913024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1883830                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           732208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13368646                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13368424                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7816949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20423899                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9995822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12252056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2126129                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22994892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18019436     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2410232     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938325      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505552      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377713      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211174      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130826      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116232      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285402      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22994892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9995822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12252056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1837057                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1123109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1758883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11039855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       248899                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       285402                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37087610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29143733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                327984                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2240642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9995822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12252056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9995822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.563357                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.563357                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60398057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18534046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13434462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2087242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19921442                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11855044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2087242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1028125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2606584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        584289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       633532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1228458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23536301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20929717     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         280342      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         327022      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         179554      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         209003      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         113903      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          77500      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         201994      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1217266      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23536301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081460                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19763393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       795151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2585662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       372583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       337800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2154                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14468331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11135                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       372583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19793986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        282787                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       425987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2575838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        85118                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14458586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20096420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67318350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67318350                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17148901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2947510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          231370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       750791                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19734                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       164949                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14435103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13637395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18550                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806898                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4187239                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23536301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17787706     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313831      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241923      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860214      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750973      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384637      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91909      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60319      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44789      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23536301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3535     12.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12601     42.77%     54.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13324     45.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11417120     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212978      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1260321      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745306      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13637395                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50859101                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16245878                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13410708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13666855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244418                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15414                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       372583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        233463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14393                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14438860                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750791                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2059                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10163                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116091                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       235236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13435354                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1928880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1880634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           745069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524350                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13411064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13410708                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7973727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20883942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10070827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12355951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2083127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       207304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23163718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18114961     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2342230     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980736      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588472      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408869      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264111      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136969      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109972      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217398      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23163718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10070827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12355951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1871882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1136505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1768399                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11139423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       251437                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       217398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37385333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29250770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2086563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10070827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12355951                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10070827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.544266                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.544266                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60606557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18616146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13504454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2114623                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1730218                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       893207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217967                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9450                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20382156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11817472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2114623                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1049570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2466835                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        568620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       462219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1248370                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23668334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21201499     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         114605      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         182378      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         247340      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         254072      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         215890      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         120359      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         179789      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1152402      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23668334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20177271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       669172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2462236                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       356861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       347806                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14503326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       356861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20232362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        140213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       403270                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2410656                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       124969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14497740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        54695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20232367                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67436874                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67436874                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17535913                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2696406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          377074                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1359581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       734862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8635                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       167083                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14479885                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13755079                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1598502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3811758                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23668334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17852747     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2387598     10.09%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211695      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       915766      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718982      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       290049      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182824      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95708      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12965      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23668334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2545     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8414     36.48%     47.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12108     52.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11569723     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204559      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1724      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246719      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732354      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13755079                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51203588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16082057                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13546145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13778146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27379                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       356861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        112738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14483521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1359581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10252                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       238617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13563162                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172693                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1904992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1927425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13546276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13546145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7775952                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20957790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371029                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10222177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12578364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1905141                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       211194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23311473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18154586     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2554442     10.96%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       967114      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       460404      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       385674      1.65%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222419      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       196614      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87753      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       282467      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23311473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10222177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12578364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1863696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1139057                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1813777                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11333075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       259086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       282467                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37512446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29323916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                310413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1954530                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10222177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12578364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10222177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.506596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.506596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       61043129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18871926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13442327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25622864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2084968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1709101                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19934210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11859693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2084968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1028188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2607800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        583922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       640952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1229483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23557680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20949880     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         281195      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         325518      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         179794      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         209445      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         113690      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          77560      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         202566      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1218032      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23557680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462856                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19773502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       805151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2587295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       372566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       338681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2146                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14478412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11195                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       372566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19803671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        234293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       485838                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2577453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14468958                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20105356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67380264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67380264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17154316                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2951035                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3787                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          228261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382813                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       753310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19705                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       166912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14445351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3790                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13647334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1814551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4198603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          424                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23557680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17806705     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313663      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242495      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860458      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751843      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385203      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92017      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60550      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44746      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23557680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3408     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12940     43.66%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13289     44.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11423091     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213524      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1261741      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       747308      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13647334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50900236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16263842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13420342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13676971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245945                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       372566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        187290                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14449163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9339                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116047                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       235016                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13445328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1185229                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1932277                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1881196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           747048                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524739                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13420628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13420342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7978919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20901885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10073973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12359872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       206962                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23185114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18135917     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341722     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980866      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588826      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408883      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264092      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137183      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110150      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217475      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23185114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10073973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12359872                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1872464                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1136868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1768976                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11142965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       251528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       217475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37416871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29271174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                306887                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2065184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10073973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12359872                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10073973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.543472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.543472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60653199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18625364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13512055                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          38791                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.664633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1382050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          71553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.315053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           216.869729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.806230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1142.039798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.904380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   879.454992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.357764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   495.706562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.308095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   479.085981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.418926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   889.659156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.090640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1298.041690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.418551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   580.965483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.752049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1300.092835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.283542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1141.961104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.098179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1149.296993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.378510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1297.596532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.375968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1275.522521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.084932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1152.961454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.584396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   798.000418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.824944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   584.828348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.844567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   793.629907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1164.217723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1073.779564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           682.208130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           707.699624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1082.117109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1216.090144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           858.073204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1200.781394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1217.892496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1188.011088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1216.004842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1242.794696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1154.846823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1075.181487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           838.513971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1045.207163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.034852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.026839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.015128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.014621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.027150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.039613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.017730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.039676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.035074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.038926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.035186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.024353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.035529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.032769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.020819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.021597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.033024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.037112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.026186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.036645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.037167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.037927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.035243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.032812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.025589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.031897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   61678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18097                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18097                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    61881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4966                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   61881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  38777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 38777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5294487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    462987251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4736205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    322055490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5195574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179822096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5399521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    174899224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4094858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321324859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5527015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    483872613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5584999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    214517054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5451105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    481196052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5232131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    457855709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5354579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    464579024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5620298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    476859458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5577113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    466561459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5226563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464464907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5430282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301217449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5822927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    212169923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5347026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    298478344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5867755595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       602176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       292313                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       303650                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       459752                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1657891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5294487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    462987251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4736205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    322055490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5195574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179822096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5399521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    174899224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4094858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321324859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5527015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    483872613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5584999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    214517054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5451105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    481798228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5232131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    457855709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5354579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    464579024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5620298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477151771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5577113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    466561459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5226563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464464907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5430282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301521099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5822927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    212169923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5347026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    298938096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5869413486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5294487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    462987251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4736205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    322055490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5195574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179822096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5399521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    174899224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4094858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321324859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5527015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    483872613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5584999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    214517054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5451105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    481798228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5232131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    457855709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5354579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    464579024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5620298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477151771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5577113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    466561459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5226563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464464907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5430282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301521099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5822927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    212169923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5347026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    298938096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5869413486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              100444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18097                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18097                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               100658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              100658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.417792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.390283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.417744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.378076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.385946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.051402                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.416939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.372979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.372710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.389851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.385235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.416939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.372979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.372710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.389851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.385235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151271.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151204.196930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152780.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150142.419580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148444.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152005.153001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154272.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151559.119584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151661.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150432.986423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153528.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152496.884021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155138.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151174.809020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151419.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152229.057893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149489.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151157.381644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152987.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151328.672313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147902.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152205.380785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146766.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151826.052392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153722.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150898.280377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155150.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150834.976965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149305.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150261.985127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152772.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150670.542150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151363.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       150544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 146156.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       151825                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153250.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150717.363636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151271.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151204.196930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152780.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150142.419580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148444.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152005.153001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154272.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151559.119584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151661.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150432.986423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153528.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152496.884021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155138.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151174.809020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151419.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152226.928278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149489.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151157.381644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152987.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151328.672313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147902.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152201.521850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146766.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151826.052392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153722.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150898.280377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155150.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150835.967484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149305.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150261.985127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152772.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150674.443548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151363.269103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151271.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151204.196930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152780.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150142.419580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148444.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152005.153001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154272.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151559.119584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151661.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150432.986423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153528.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152496.884021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155138.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151174.809020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151419.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152226.928278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149489.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151157.381644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152987.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151328.672313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147902.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152201.521850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146766.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151826.052392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153722.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150898.280377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155150.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150835.967484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149305.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150261.985127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152772.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150674.443548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151363.269103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             38777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            38777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3257186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    284720562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2932888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    197120194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3160877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110927609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3364890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107697255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2526162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196888335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3434220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    299207346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3493772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    131889563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3357071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297235373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3193912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281488153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3320730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    285933607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3410769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    294558220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3365845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    287741299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3250521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    285284661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3396084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184914260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3555357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129948019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3311759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183094037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3610980536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       369051                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       175820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       187315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       284352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1016538                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3257186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    284720562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2932888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    197120194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3160877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110927609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3364890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107697255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2526162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196888335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3434220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    299207346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3493772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    131889563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3357071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297604424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3193912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281488153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3320730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    285933607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3410769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    294734040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3365845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    287741299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3250521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    285284661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3396084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185101575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3555357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129948019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3311759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183378389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611997074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3257186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    284720562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2932888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    197120194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3160877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110927609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3364890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107697255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2526162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196888335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3434220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    299207346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3493772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    131889563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3357071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297604424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3193912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281488153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3320730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    285933607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3410769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    294734040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3365845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    287741299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3250521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    285284661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3396084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185101575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3555357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129948019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3311759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183378389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611997074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.417792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.390283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.417744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.378076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.416939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.372979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.372710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.389851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.385235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.416939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.372979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.372710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.389851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93062.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92985.160679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94609.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91897.526340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90310.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93768.054945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96139.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93325.177643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93561.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92176.186798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        95395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94297.934447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97049.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92945.428471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93251.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94032.069915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91254.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92931.050842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        94878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93137.982736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89757.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94017.944462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88574.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93635.307192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95603.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92685.075049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97030.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92596.024036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        91163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92031.174929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94621.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92425.056537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93148.133313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92262.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        87910                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93657.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        94784                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92412.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93062.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92985.160679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94609.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91897.526340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90310.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93768.054945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96139.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93325.177643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93561.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92176.186798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        95395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94297.934447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97049.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92945.428471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93251.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94029.833807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91254.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92931.050842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        94878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93137.982736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89757.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94014.047847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88574.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93635.307192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95603.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92685.075049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97030.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92597.086043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        91163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92031.174929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94621.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92428.623488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93147.924646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93062.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92985.160679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94609.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91897.526340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90310.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93768.054945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96139.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93325.177643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93561.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92176.186798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        95395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94297.934447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97049.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92945.428471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93251.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94029.833807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91254.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92931.050842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        94878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93137.982736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89757.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94014.047847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88574.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93635.307192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95603.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92685.075049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97030.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92597.086043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        91163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92031.174929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94621.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92428.623488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93147.924646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              521.024310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001249981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1903517.074144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.024310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1241932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1241932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7403900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7403900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7403900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7403900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7403900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7403900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157529.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157529.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157529.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157529.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157529.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157529.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5902806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5902806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5902806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5902806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5902806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5902806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163966.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163966.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163966.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163966.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163966.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163966.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21914.648289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.246525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.753475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.108412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2235837248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2235837248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7178701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7178701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2243015949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2243015949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2243015949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2243015949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1588998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1588998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119321.018679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119321.018679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82513.804598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82513.804598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119150.913625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119150.913625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119150.913625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119150.913625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    786468576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786468576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1005123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    787473699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    787473699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    787473699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    787473699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107309.124847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107309.124847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67008.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67008.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107226.810866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107226.810866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107226.810866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107226.810866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              552.615231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              915063996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1636966.003578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.552080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.063151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.042551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1245449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1245449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1245449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1245449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1245449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6348593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6348593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6348593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6348593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6348593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6348593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1245491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1245491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1245491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151156.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151156.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151156.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151156.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151156.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151156.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5177678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5177678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5177678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5177678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5177678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5177678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161802.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161802.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161802.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161802.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161802.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161802.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              204294350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             34009.380722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.823145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.176855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.721965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.278035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1850973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       339397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2190688418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190688418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3862682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3862682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2194551100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2194551100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2194551100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2194551100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1871021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       339442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109272.167698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109272.167698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85837.377778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85837.377778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109219.683472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109219.683472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109219.683472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109219.683472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    588089043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588089043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       596609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       596609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    588685652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    588685652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    588685652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    588685652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102418.851097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102418.851097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66289.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66289.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102362.311250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102362.311250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102362.311250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102362.311250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              485.104293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998618406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2029712.207317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.104293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.777411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1255886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1255886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1255886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1255886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1255886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7996840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7996840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7996840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7996840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7996840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7996840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1255938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1255938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1255938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153785.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153785.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153785.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153785.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153785.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153785.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6144524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6144524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6144524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6144524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6144524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6144524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166068.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166068.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166068.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166068.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166068.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166068.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148110333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 3994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             37083.208062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   217.043402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    38.956598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.847826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.152174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1000997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       742299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1743296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1743296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1021689666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1021689666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8931740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8931740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1030621406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1030621406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1030621406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1030621406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1010575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       742421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1752996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1752996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106670.460013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106670.460013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73210.983607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73210.983607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106249.629485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106249.629485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106249.629485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106249.629485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        28473                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    363672655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363672655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1395117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1395117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    365067772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365067772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    365067772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365067772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97761.466398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97761.466398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77506.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77506.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97663.930444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97663.930444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97663.930444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97663.930444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.886640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              998618930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2029713.272358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.886640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1256410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1256410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1256410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1256410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1256410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8247039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8247039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8247039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8247039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8247039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8247039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1256460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1256460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1256460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164940.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164940.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164940.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164940.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164940.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164940.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6374993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6374993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6374993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6374993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6374993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6374993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172297.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172297.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172297.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172297.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172297.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172297.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148109276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36953.412176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   217.071589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    38.928411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.847936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.152064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1000155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       742081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1742236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1742236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1015704075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015704075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7577856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7577856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1023281931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1023281931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1023281931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1023281931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1009781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       742179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1751960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1751960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105516.733326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105516.733326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 77325.061224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77325.061224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105232.613225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105232.613225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105232.613225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105232.613225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        32026                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        32026                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    361616601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361616601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1310044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1310044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    362926645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362926645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    362926645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362926645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96818.367068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96818.367068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 77061.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77061.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96728.849947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96728.849947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96728.849947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96728.849947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.999010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              915064009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1648763.980180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.935941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.063069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.039961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1245462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1245462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1245462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1245462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1245462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5672747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5672747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5672747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5672747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5672747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5672747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1245498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1245498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1245498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157576.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157576.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157576.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157576.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157576.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157576.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4564652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4564652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4564652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4564652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4564652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4564652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163023.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163023.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163023.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163023.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163023.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163023.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204294121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34122.953232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.586908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.413092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.721043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.278957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1850739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       339397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2190136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2190136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2183430473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2183430473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3695510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3695510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2187125983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2187125983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2187125983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2187125983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1870735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       339442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2210177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2210177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109193.362322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109193.362322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82122.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82122.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109132.577366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109132.577366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109132.577366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109132.577366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    586595563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586595563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       580571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       580571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    587176134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587176134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    587176134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587176134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102515.827158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102515.827158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64507.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64507.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102456.139243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102456.139243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102456.139243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102456.139243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              569.583533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1026157580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1769237.206897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.198446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.385087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1216254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1216254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1216254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1216254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1216254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7892714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7892714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7892714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7892714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7892714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7892714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1216302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1216302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1216302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164431.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164431.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164431.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164431.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164431.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164431.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6149162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6149162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6149162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6149162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6149162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6149162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166193.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166193.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166193.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166193.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166193.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166193.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              404461950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             48178.910066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.073329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.926671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3181056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4922147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4922147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        28803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        28803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3321926879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3321926879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2660511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2660511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3324587390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3324587390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3324587390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3324587390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3209829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1741121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4950950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4950950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4950950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4950950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115452.920411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115452.920411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 88683.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88683.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115425.038711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115425.038711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115425.038711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115425.038711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868187780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    868187780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       712446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       712446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868900226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868900226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868900226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868900226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106788.164822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106788.164822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79160.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79160.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106757.614695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106757.614695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106757.614695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106757.614695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              507.065836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              995511344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1940567.922027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.065836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1248242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1248242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7502170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7502170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7502170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7502170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7502170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7502170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163090.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163090.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163090.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163090.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163090.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163090.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6351697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6351697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6351697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6351697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6351697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6351697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167149.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167149.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167149.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167149.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167149.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167149.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151805458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35510.048655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   222.915595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    33.084405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.870764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.129236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       858268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       720766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1806                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1806                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1579034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1579034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1579034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1579034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1535453405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1535453405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7371208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7371208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1542824613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1542824613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1542824613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1542824613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       871111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       720856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       720856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1591967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1591967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119555.664954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119555.664954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81902.311111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81902.311111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119293.637439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119293.637439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119293.637439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119293.637439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    403210759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403210759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       971028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    404181787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    404181787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    404181787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    404181787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100701.987762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100701.987762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64735.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64735.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100567.749938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100567.749938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100567.749938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100567.749938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              570.489658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1026157663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1769237.350000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.692779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.796879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.045982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1216337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1216337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1216337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1216337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1216337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8061320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8061320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8061320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8061320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8061320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8061320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1216384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1216384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1216384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171517.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171517.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171517.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171517.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171517.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171517.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6487340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6487340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6487340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175333.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175333.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175333.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175333.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175333.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175333.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              404462428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48236.425522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.077429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.922571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3181622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1741051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4922673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4922673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        28747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        28747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3315050696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3315050696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4124078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4124078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3319174774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3319174774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3319174774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3319174774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3210339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3210339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1741081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4951420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4951420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4951420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4951420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115438.614619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115438.614619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 137469.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137469.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115461.605524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115461.605524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115461.605524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115461.605524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    867533890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867533890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1109223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1109223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    868643113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868643113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    868643113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868643113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106839.149015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106839.149015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       123247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       123247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106857.314922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106857.314922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106857.314922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106857.314922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              521.226763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001250209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1903517.507605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.226763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1242160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1242160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7538839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7538839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7538839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7538839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7538839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7538839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157059.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157059.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157059.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157059.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157059.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157059.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5966023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5966023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5966023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165722.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165722.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165722.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165722.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165722.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165722.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166553264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             21831.598375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.079588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.920412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.890936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.109064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       860300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       711887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1572187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1572187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2225698814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2225698814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7745244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7745244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2233444058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2233444058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2233444058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2233444058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       879103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       711978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1591081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1591081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118369.346062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118369.346062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85112.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85112.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118209.170001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118209.170001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118209.170001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118209.170001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    783435584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783435584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1049836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1049836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    784485420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    784485420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    784485420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    784485420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106473.985322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106473.985322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69989.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69989.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106399.758579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106399.758579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106399.758579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106399.758579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.799166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001250076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1903517.254753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.799166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7755800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7755800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7755800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7755800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7755800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7755800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       155116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       155116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       155116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       155116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       155116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       155116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5950200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5950200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5950200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5950200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5950200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5950200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165283.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165283.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165283.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165283.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165283.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165283.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7363                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166551704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21860.047775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.941098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.058902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.890395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.109605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       859715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       710882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1570597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1570597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2235090683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2235090683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6641394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6641394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2241732077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2241732077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2241732077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2241732077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       878481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       710962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1589443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1589443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119103.201695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119103.201695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83017.425000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83017.425000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118950.020004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118950.020004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118950.020004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118950.020004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    788311166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    788311166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       978914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       978914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    789290080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    789290080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    789290080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    789290080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107267.814124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107267.814124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65260.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65260.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107182.248778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107182.248778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107182.248778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107182.248778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              571.113881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026157955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1763157.998282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.107069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.006812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.866998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1216629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1216629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1216629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1216629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1216629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7750216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7750216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7750216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7750216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7750216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7750216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1216681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1216681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1216681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149042.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149042.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149042.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149042.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149042.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149042.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6169673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6169673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6169673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158196.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158196.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158196.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158196.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158196.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158196.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404462998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48098.822452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.083884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.916116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3181927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1741318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4923245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4923245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4923245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4923245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3325452042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3325452042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3689970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3689970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3329142012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3329142012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3329142012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3329142012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3210780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3210780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1741346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4952126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4952126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4952126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4952126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115254.983607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115254.983607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131784.642857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131784.642857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115271.009037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115271.009037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115271.009037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115271.009037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    867887616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867887616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1020551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1020551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    868908167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868908167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    868908167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868908167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106567.732809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106567.732809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113394.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113394.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106575.268858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106575.268858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106575.268858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106575.268858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              572.280951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026158186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1763158.395189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.483461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.797490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1216860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1216860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8430961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8430961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8430961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8430961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8430961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8430961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165312.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165312.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165312.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165312.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165312.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165312.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6690952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6690952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6690952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6690952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6690952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6690952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171562.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171562.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171562.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171562.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171562.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171562.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404462212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48190.422018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.089851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.910149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3181454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1741007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4922461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4922461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3289278536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3289278536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2369691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2369691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3291648227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3291648227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3291648227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3291648227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3210133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3210133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1741036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4951169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4951169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4951169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4951169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114692.929879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114692.929879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81713.482759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81713.482759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114659.614985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114659.614985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114659.614985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114659.614985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    859794204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859794204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       633709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       633709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    860427913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    860427913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    860427913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    860427913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105781.767224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105781.767224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70412.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70412.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105742.646307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105742.646307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105742.646307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105742.646307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              520.064994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001250144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1907143.131429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.064994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1242095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1242095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7597920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7597920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7597920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7597920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7597920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7597920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165172.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165172.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165172.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165172.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165172.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165172.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5977617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5977617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5977617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170789.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170789.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170789.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170789.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170789.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170789.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166551011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21952.156452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.060037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.939963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.890860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.109140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       859372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       710515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1569887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1569887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2230062434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2230062434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7404255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7404255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2237466689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2237466689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2237466689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2237466689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       878058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       710600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1588658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1588658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119344.024082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119344.024082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 87108.882353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87108.882353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119198.054925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119198.054925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119198.054925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119198.054925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    785429136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785429136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1049081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1049081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    786478217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    786478217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    786478217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    786478217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107357.727720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107357.727720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69938.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69938.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107281.164507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107281.164507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107281.164507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107281.164507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.805388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              996790858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1924306.675676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.805388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1228412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1228412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7153379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7153379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7153379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7153379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7153379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7153379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155508.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155508.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155508.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155508.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155508.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155508.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5935075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5935075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5935075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5935075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5935075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5935075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164863.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164863.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164863.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164863.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164863.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164863.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157694092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             27076.595467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.300138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.699862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.883985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.116015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       864515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       731320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1595835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1595835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2410991071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2410991071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52082907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52082907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2463073978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2463073978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2463073978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2463073978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       883776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       731776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1615552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1615552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125174.760968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125174.760968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114216.901316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114216.901316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124921.335802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124921.335802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124921.335802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124921.335802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    564133646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564133646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1337802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1337802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    565471448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565471448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    565471448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565471448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101627.390740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101627.390740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78694.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78694.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101557.372126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101557.372126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101557.372126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101557.372126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.221926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              995511418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs                  1925554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.221926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1248316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1248316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1248316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1248316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1248316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8325350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8325350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8325350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8325350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8325350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8325350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1248370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1248370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1248370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154173.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154173.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154173.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154173.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154173.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154173.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6723976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6723976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6723976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6723976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6723976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6723976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160094.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160094.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160094.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160094.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160094.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160094.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151806507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35443.966145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   222.920014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    33.079986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.870781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.129219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       721224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1580029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1580029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1540300767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1540300767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7131824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7131824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1547432591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1547432591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1547432591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1547432591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       871709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       721311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1593020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1593020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119366.147474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119366.147474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 81974.988506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81974.988506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119115.740975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119115.740975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119115.740975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119115.740975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    402078753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402078753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       977217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    403055970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    403055970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    403055970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    403055970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100219.031157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100219.031157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65147.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65147.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100088.395828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100088.395828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100088.395828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100088.395828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              511.758980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              996791883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1924308.654440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.758980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1229437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1229437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7118169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7118169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7118169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7118169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7118169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7118169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154742.804348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154742.804348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154742.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154742.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154742.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154742.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5822788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5822788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5822788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161744.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161744.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161744.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161744.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161744.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161744.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157695696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             27297.160464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.300025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.699975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.883984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.116016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       865927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        865927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       731542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1597469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1597469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1597469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1597469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2359757077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2359757077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53526175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53526175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2413283252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2413283252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2413283252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2413283252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       884803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       884803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       731995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1616798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1616798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1616798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1616798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125013.619252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125013.619252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118159.326711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118159.326711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124852.980082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124852.980082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124852.980082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124852.980082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    558502667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558502667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1509461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1509461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    560012128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560012128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    560012128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560012128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101490.580956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101490.580956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83858.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83858.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101433.096903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101433.096903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101433.096903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101433.096903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
