
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001085                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1084692060                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400286833488                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 424100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   559048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39541                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27431.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11633800344                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335664196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        26112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        81024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        26752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        28288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        78080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        77952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               628864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       257792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            257792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2832140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24073192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2950146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     26433309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1534076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     74697698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2832140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24663221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3776187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     42954127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2714134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     27377355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1298064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     16284806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     26079291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3186158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18526917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2950146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25017239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1298064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     15930789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2950146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     27141344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1534076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     71983564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3068152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19234952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1534076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     71865558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2950146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     27141344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               579762702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2832140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2950146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1534076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2832140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3776187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2714134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1298064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3186158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2950146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1298064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2950146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1534076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3068152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1534076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2950146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40357998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         237663766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              237663766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         237663766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2832140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24073192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2950146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     26433309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1534076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     74697698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2832140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24663221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3776187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     42954127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2714134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     27377355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1298064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     16284806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2950146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     26079291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3186158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18526917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2950146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25017239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1298064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     15930789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2950146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     27141344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1534076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     71983564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3068152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19234952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1534076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     71865558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2950146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     27141344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              817426468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         209383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1194964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            209383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        67998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22222                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2384195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2122155     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27932      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          33085      1.39%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17883      0.75%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19838      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11590      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7858      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20333      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123521      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2384195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1996198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        85456                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        40740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          402                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1457606                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        40740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1999876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16520                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        59583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1455397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2025153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6775278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6775278                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         322047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       139384                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        74999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15726                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1451526                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364512                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       455080                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2384195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1809265     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231306      9.70%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124352      5.22%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86079      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74945      3.14%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38108      1.60%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9583      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6009      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4548      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2384195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           349     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1234     42.22%     54.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     45.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142917     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21254      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125906      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74269      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364512                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.524574                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2923                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5117803                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1646684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1933                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        40740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1451919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139384                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1342788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             192378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74231                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.516222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1340257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1340168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          797327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2087766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.515215                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22439                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2343455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1842099     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232597      9.93%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97509      4.16%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58440      2.49%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40277      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26298      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13839      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10846      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21550      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2343455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21550                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3773812                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2944599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32877                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                216986                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.601176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.601176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.384442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.384442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6056809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1862403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1359488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2601174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132699                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2076255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1115013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       139685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              247606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         57143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        32990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2149175     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          38463      1.60%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18369      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          38026      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10784      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35608      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5170      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8572      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92614      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2396781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075187                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2036044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        73966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          246956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1237717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2040751                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         47412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          242878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12767                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1234885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        11003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1609208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5582532                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5582532                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1266524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         342684                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           25299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       232252                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        33308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226680                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       523777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1898796     79.22%     79.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153528      6.41%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170274      7.10%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98045      4.09%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48660      2.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12804      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14032      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          349      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          293      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1877     56.90%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          804     24.37%     81.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          618     18.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884845     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8180      0.72%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209936     18.48%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32815      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.436668                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3299                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4672906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1474806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         28150                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232252                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10700                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1120675                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             239437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         170579                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32791                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.430834                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1104748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1104322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          670750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1428148                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.424548                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.469664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       976593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1997932     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138285      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91597      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28020      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49239      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8879      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5791      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32548      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       874757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       976593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               212353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              180366                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           150721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          850700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        32548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3551579                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2493399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                204393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            874757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              976593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       874757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.973596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.973596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.336293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.336293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5220905                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1431607                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1325380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2601177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         202079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164846                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21400                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77367                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1194560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            202079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              245270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         66807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        60960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122374                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2065386     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          12839      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20742      0.90%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          31123      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12978      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          15127      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          15831      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11077      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         125553      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2310656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1935145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        86292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          243423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1485                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        44310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1448268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        44310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1940049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         40762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        30319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          240124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        15083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1445399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         7688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          962                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1977586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6737905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6737905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1631652                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         345934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           44223                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       146073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        80873                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1344938                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220642                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       505839                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737360     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232466     10.06%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128783      5.57%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84395      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76927      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23741      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17352      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5860      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3772      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           383     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1414     42.25%     53.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1550     46.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107758     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24773      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132883      9.88%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79375      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1344938                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.517050                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002489                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5005836                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1320595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1348285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6553                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        44310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         29141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1661                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          860                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11649                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13186                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1325541                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             205343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         179830                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            79231                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.509593                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1320694                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1320595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          781826                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1983084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.507691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.394248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       977948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249541                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2266346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1783406     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229871     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95452      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48688      2.15%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36701      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20877      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12841      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10723      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27787      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2266346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       977948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1192431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               191275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              115593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           165501                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1078146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        27787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3680531                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2928263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 35048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                290521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            977948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1192431                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       977948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.659832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.659832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.375964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.375964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6017113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1804347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1372363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21279                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1020                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1200599                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       101121                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              262503                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        69711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          125395                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22085                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2383851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2121348     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          27989      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          32329      1.36%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          17694      0.74%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19946      0.84%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11722      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7725      0.32%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20665      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         124433      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2383851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1992828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        87332                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          259957                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41457                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          401                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1465372                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41457                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1996566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        62096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          258502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1462990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2034406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6809698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6809698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1702651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         331755                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           27434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       140780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        75413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1905                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       202579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2383851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1808429     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230529      9.67%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124829      5.24%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86055      3.61%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75363      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38519      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9477      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6157      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4493      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2383851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           344     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1374     44.71%     55.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1355     44.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145497     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21292      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126639      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74710      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.526032                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3073                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002246                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5125520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3421                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41457                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10941                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1249                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12104                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13075                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346253                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             193142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         187599                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            74669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.517555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1343298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1343208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          798832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2093963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.516384                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381493                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232686                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2342394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1841325     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232427      9.92%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97514      4.16%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58292      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40328      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26214      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13817      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10881      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21596      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2342394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1226550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              112848                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           175496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1105826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24956                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        21596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3780021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2959936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                217330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1226550                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.601920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.601920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6070420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1866320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1365476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         202154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        98541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10871                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124164                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1269802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            202154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        81202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              250083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         39827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        54727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          123722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12365                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2455993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2205910     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8703      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18219      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7459      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          40812      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          36736      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6926      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14920      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         116308      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2455993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2111189                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        68169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17779                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1487423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1404                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2114143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         46514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        13915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          247013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1485212                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1749956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6989279                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6989279                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1513039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         236898                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       348392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       174987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8663                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1480004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1411333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136902                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       332555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2455993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1953893     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150937      6.15%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123468      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53064      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67574      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65087      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37103      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3017      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1850      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2455993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3524     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27614     86.36%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       887379     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12232      0.87%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337479     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174160     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1411333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542574                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31974                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5311731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1397029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1443307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2055                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         42508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1480205                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          102                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        14297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1399933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336088                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             510195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         183035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           174107                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.538191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1397157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1397029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          755645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1490298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.537075                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2429201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949661     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175384      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82166      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80972      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21831      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94289      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7220      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5116      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12562      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2429201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1124487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1321029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               503790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              330858                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           174401                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1174545                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3896940                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2987442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 48147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                145188                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1124487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1321029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1124487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.313216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.313216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.432299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.432299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6915801                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1626053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1764543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         195467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175770                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132787                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2076688                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1114314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            195467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       139641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              247523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        33088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          126883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2149507     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38700      1.61%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18199      0.76%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38062      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10770      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35564      1.48%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5109      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8524      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          92595      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2397030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.428388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2035020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        75524                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          246862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39354                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1236558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39354                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2039896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         48901                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        13097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1233809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        11319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1608280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5576233                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5576233                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1266864                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         341380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25571                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       231923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33223                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246523                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1898791     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153943      6.42%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170393      7.11%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97947      4.09%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48808      2.04%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12606      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13895      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          348      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1858     56.63%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          810     24.69%     81.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          613     18.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884459     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8198      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209529     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32770      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.436352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4671452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          850                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1236                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39354                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         28850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33223                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10664                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7274                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206417                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             239167                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         170661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.430538                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1104146                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1103766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          670349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1424667                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.424333                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.470530                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       976883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998212     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138329      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91680      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28120      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49212      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8819      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4923      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32572      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       875047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       976883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               212441                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              180454                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           150769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          850942                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32572                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3550900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2491030                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 47965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                204151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            875047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              976883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       875047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.972619                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.972619                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.336404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.336404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5217015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1430876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1324627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2601176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         234967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23053                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89774                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84108                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2035606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1287707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            234967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       108948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              267604                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        70422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          128083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2147957     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16270      0.67%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20165      0.83%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32778      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13461      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17893      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          20411      0.84%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9736      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136890      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2415561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.495048                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2023694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        83708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          266247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1573616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2026187                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6207                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        71386                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          263884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6144                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1563163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2183681                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7264148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7264148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1791717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         391964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       147593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        75426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17219                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1524063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1450823                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1735                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434292                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802402     74.62%     74.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278506     11.53%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114581      4.74%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64399      2.67%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86469      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27446      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26593      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14026      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1139      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10008     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1381     10.88%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1304     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222872     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19633      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133030      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75110      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1450823                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.557757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12693                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008749                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5331635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1731123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1463516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1524428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13465                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             205456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         200652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            75089                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547286                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1410403                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1410388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          844873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2270516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.542212                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1042159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1284322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2373815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1829346     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276431     11.65%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100347      4.23%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49704      2.09%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45233      1.91%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19223      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19079      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9052      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25400      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2373815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1042159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1284322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               190477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              116434                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           186126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1156379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3872851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3090619                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32804                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                185615                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1042159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1284322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1042159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.495949                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.495949                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.400649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.400649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6402536                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1973208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1452770                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         209822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1198176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            209822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       100738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              262059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        69114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125386                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22162                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2381298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2119239     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          28009      1.18%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          32650      1.37%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17628      0.74%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19512      0.82%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11844      0.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7606      0.32%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20529      0.86%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         124281      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2381298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1990918                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        87209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          259483                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34197                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          401                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1461994                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2200                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1994746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         15817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        61664                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          257996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9703                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1459962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2031228                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6795366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6795366                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1700444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         330784                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           28119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       140250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15949                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1455826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1366287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200694                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2381298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1806432     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230569      9.68%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124437      5.23%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86387      3.63%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75036      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38230      1.61%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9613      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6041      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4553      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2381298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           351     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     44.39%     55.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1338     44.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143975     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21306      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126335      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74506      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1366287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.525256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002223                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5118838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1656954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27558                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1213                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344141                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             192701                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         187500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74463                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.516743                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1341242                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1341150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          797651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2089571                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.515593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1224891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1839455     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232375      9.93%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97311      4.16%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58151      2.49%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40080      1.71%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26270      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13856      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10821      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21611      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       998416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1224891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               185620                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              112692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           175238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1104313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24906                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        21611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3774544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2953851                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32889                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                219883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            998416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1224891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       998416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.605308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.605308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.383832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.383832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6060513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1864207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1362690                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         214527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1200237                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            214527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       103602                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              248993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         63052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        46087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          127496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22575                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2393371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2144378     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11509      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17933      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          24033      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25665      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          21709      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11618      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18322      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         118204      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2393371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2037528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        67267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248381                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39828                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        35063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1470844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39828                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2043515                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        41074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          242775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1469548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2050912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6832486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6832486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1745322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         305590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           41083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       138377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        73716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          840                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        18001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1383068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2393371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1808879     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239956     10.03%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121778      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91963      3.84%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72257      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28921      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18633      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9636      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1348      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2393371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           284     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          919     37.30%     48.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1261     51.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1163762     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20536      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125264      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73335      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1383068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531708                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5162269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1360084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2723                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39828                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12411                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25908                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117756                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             191072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         193076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            73316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1360162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1360084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          781664                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2107203                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1017651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1252317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2353543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1839211     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255186     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96334      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45578      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38678      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22514      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19593      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8703      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27746      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2353543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1017651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1252317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               185735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              113508                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           180549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1128386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25810                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        27746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3792878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2974024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                207810                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1017651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1252317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1017651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.556064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.556064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391227                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391227                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6129024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1895947                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1363067                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         209651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79867                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1196363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            209651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       101130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              261896                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        68229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2381027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2119131     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27715      1.16%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32684      1.37%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17771      0.75%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          19949      0.84%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11749      0.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7769      0.33%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20453      0.86%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123806      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2381027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1992496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        85784                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          259460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41115                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          404                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1459945                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2219                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41115                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1996147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         16720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        59715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          257991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1457679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2028294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6785049                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6785049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1700680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         327614                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           27161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       140274                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15730                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1453558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364372                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198968                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       466666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2381027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1806437     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230970      9.70%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124500      5.23%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85650      3.60%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75083      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38286      1.61%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9518      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6082      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4501      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2381027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           351     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1327     43.78%     55.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1353     44.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142489     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21238      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126207      9.25%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74273      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364372                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.524520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002222                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5114639                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2045                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41115                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         11779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1453957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140274                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          853                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12200                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25228                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1342559                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             192519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         187250                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74236                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.516134                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1339816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1339729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          797312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2087901                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.515046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1839312     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232347      9.93%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97356      4.16%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58194      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40277      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26216      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13818      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10812      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21580      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       998554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1225061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               185643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           175260                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1104468                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3772282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2949048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32811                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                220154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            998554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1225061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       998554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.604948                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.604948                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6055127                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1861988                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1360859                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         235408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89104                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038158                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1290746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            235408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       108576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              268037                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        69406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          128114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21831                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2417257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2149220     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16286      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20362      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          32750      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13453      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          17758      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          20314      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9670      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137444      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2417257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2025945                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        83014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          266653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        35554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1576465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2028582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        70498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          264145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1565400                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2188269                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7273042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7273042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1797498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         390742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       147395                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        75671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17272                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1526564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1453554                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430045                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2417257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802444     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279638     11.57%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115034      4.76%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64376      2.66%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86448      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27347      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26781      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14005      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2417257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10102     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     10.69%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1311     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1225397     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19670      1.35%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          179      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132958      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75350      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1453554                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.558805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12779                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5338874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1731678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1413773                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1526932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147395                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426667                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             205775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         201273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75331                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.548469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1413790                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1413773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          846982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2273444                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.543512                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1045563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1288452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22946                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2375784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1829564     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       277403     11.68%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100407      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49972      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45465      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19263      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19224      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9088      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25398      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2375784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1045563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1288452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               191078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              116797                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186701                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1160125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3877305                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3095333                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                183924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1045563                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1288452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1045563                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.487828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.487828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.401957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.401957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6416042                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1978510                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1456368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       133153                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10593                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2077038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1115329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       139984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              247783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        33173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          126942                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16526                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2149898     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38512      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18364      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          38197      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10798      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35726      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5234      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8413      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92539      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2397681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.428778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2036640                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        74322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          247146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1237682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2041363                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         47758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          243069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12682                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1235008                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        10859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1609464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5581535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5581535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1267993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         341471                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          164                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           24999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       232050                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33285                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226574                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136458                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       518632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1899170     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153554      6.40%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170743      7.12%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98439      4.11%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48426      2.02%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12623      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14094      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          338      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1913     57.45%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          802     24.08%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885487     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8192      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209874     18.47%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32831      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136458                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.436901                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4675050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473448                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1105025                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         28441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232050                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33285                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          397                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7316                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1121217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             239557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         170885                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32808                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.431042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1105399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1105025                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          670975                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1427412                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.424817                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.470064                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       876002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       977838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998824     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138276      5.86%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91731      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28005      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49306      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8832      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5781      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4929      0.21%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32689      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       876002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       977838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               212725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              180738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           150933                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          851733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32689                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3552477                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2492947                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                203500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            876002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              977838                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       876002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.969378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.969378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.336771                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.336771                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5223490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1432323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1325984                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         202008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1197083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            202008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        97016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              245512                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         67371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        58283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          122710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2312938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2067426     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          12923      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20591      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31228      1.35%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12905      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          14853      0.64%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          15650      0.68%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11236      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         126126      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2312938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1939222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        83821                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          243752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        32756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1451291                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1944242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         39840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        28429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          240224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1448188                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1285                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1982316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6752044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6752044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1632239                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         350077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          308                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           44897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       146439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        80985                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          309                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2312938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739064     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232497     10.05%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       129049      5.58%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84329      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77079      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23805      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17384      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5860      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3871      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2312938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           368     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     42.89%     53.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1563     46.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109216     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24856      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133454      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79540      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.517924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3381                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5012754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1322401                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1350596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30799                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5262                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1095                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         28213                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1577                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443563                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80985                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11628                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1327383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205804                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         179861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            79374                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.510300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1322499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1322401                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          782806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1985827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.508385                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       978290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192877                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251889                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21926                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2268187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1785090     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229927     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95695      4.22%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48546      2.14%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36572      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20847      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12975      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10731      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27804      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2268187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       978290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1192877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               191363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              115640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           165552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1078562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3685149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2934291                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 35206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                288243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            978290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1192877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       978290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.658906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.658906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.376095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.376095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6026148                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1807325                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1375300                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         214080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1035                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2056266                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1197822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            214080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              248628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         62969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        46531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          127383                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22603                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2391356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2142728     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11424      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18043      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24202      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25556      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21604      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11510      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18294      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         117995      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2391356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082301                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2035676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        67567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          248032                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1468051                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2041580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         12815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        41869                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          242504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1466843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2047480                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6819800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6819800                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1742310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         305132                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       138128                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        73611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464035                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2391356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1807672     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239484     10.01%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121776      5.09%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92075      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71959      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28904      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18561      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9572      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1353      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2391356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           290     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     36.99%     48.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     51.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161824     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20500      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125115      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73201      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5155730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1383263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2648                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10118                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1464392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138128                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             190688                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            73177                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522795                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1357820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1357732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          780309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2103101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371028                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1015840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1250126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22812                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2351634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1838085     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254795     10.83%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96277      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45474      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38569      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22489      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19601      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8724      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27620      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2351634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1015840                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1250126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               185408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              113305                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           180245                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1126381                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3788386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2968524                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                209825                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1015840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1250126                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1015840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.560621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.560621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390530                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390530                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6117936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1893036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1360294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         202466                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83103                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1962971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1197676                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            202466                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        97624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              245821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         66846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        61178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          122554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2314660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2068839     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          12893      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20803      0.90%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31354      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12949      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          14843      0.64%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15906      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11250      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         125823      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2314660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1938327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        86508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          244022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1437                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44365                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        32747                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1451425                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44365                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1943249                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         40844                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        30360                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          240647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1448242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1982855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6751015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6751015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1634393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         348462                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       145986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        80901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443361                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2314660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740009     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232970     10.06%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       129249      5.58%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84764      3.66%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76991      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23642      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17349      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5826      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3860      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2314660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           364     10.83%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1443     42.92%     53.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1555     46.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109913     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24853      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133236      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79539      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.518107                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3362                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002495                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5015355                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1665141                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1323195                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1351052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30208                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5099                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1080                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44365                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         29468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443674                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126352                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             205740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         180121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            79388                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.510583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1323285                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1323195                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          783420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1986757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.508690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       979539                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2270295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1786274     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230426     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95768      4.22%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48930      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36602      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20856      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12905      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10724      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27810      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2270295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       979539                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1194418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               191580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              115778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           165768                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1079951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3687245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2933896                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                286521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            979539                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1194418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       979539                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.655516                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.655516                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.376575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.376575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6028847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1808537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1375838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2601181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         195551                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129080                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2075666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1114815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            195551                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       139686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              247588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         56932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        34065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          126828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2149532     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          38486      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18394      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          38064      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          10640      0.44%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35679      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5167      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8511      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92647      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2397120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.428580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2036245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          246904                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1237436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1676                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2040913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         47632                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          242890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1234573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        10785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1609513                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5580446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5580446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1266840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         342653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           25171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       231890                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        33231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         7406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       522960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1899044     79.22%     79.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153351      6.40%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170707      7.12%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98244      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48636      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12550      0.52%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13939      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          345      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          304      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1888     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.20%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884451     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8186      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209762     18.48%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32799      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.436445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002909                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4672098                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473481                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          893                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51439                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         28698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231890                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1120071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             239294                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         170547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            32776                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.430601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1104290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1103902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          670550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1426412                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.424385                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.470096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       976860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16734                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998329     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138232      5.86%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91670      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28167      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49188      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8806      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5765      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4937      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32607      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       875024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       976860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               212433                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              180446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           150766                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          850922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        32607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3551533                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2492370                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 47918                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                204061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            875024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              976860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       875024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.972697                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.972697                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.336395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.336395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5218204                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1431079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1325226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4930                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32742.447631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           567601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          15.064121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1509.917806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.244915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   115.392607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.582631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   122.770324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.634737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   285.661802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.245453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   118.381179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.239404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   204.808794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.293916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   126.303824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    10.765880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    65.237859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.198455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   123.910452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.708137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    75.345053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.192358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   120.130229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.766679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.967083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.237214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   124.090846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.622268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   272.780422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.601716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    80.019047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.634277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   271.343231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.573219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   125.678350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1602.801161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1945.178198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2542.381558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1618.352750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2081.719955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1891.552981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1070.939967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1555.239006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1313.249493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1645.464442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1056.974338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1891.227469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2585.359470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1301.418471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2634.385746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1900.922457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.046079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.008718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.006250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.008325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.048914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.059362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.077587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.049388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.063529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.057726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.032682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.047462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.040077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.050216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.057716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.078899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.039716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.080395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.058012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3021                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3021                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30000923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3845001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34300138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2079574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     87281894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3710482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31473668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4832319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     55002728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3528769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34682815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1558043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21245645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3850564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33517658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4226377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23423386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4105491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32265742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1618377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20227462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3809140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34573832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2067820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83899740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4013564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24658821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1990620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83686911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3801837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34818189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       717868762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       295839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7983630                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       320869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       141690                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       190773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       136019                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7855898                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8068085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24992803                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30296762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3845001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34300138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2079574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95265524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3710482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31794537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4832319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     55144418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3528769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34682815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1558043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21245645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3850564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33708431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4226377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23423386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4105491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32401761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1618377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20227462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3809140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34573832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2067820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91755638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4013564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24658821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1990620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91754996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3801837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34818189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        742861565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30296762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3845001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34300138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2079574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95265524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3710482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31794537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4832319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     55144418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3528769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34682815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1558043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21245645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3850564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33708431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4226377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23423386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4105491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32401761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1618377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20227462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3809140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34573832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2067820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91755638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4013564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24658821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1990620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91754996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3801837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34818189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       742861565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3021                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3021                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.397869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.547777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.412811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.523585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.454328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.844221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.569757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.428235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.556062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.546679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.461618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.569757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.428235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.556062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.546679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.461618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157134.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148519.420792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153800.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153125.616071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159967.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150745.930915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154603.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152046.705314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151009.968750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151522.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153424.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149494.892241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 141640.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153953.949275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154022.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152352.990909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156532.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149193.541401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164219.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152918.208531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147125.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149833.051852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152365.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150321.008696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159063.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150627.899461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154367.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151281.110429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153124.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150787.227027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152073.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151383.430435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151289.517808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 147919.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       147845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160434.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       141690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       190773                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       136019                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148224.490566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149408.981481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148766.684524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157134.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148513.539216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153800.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153125.616071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159967.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150498.458136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154603.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152126.971292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151009.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151495.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153424.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149494.892241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 141640.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153953.949275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154022.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152526.837104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156532.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149193.541401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164219.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152838.495283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147125.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149833.051852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152365.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150321.008696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159063.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150419.078689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154367.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151281.110429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153124.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150665.018062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152073.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151383.430435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151203.249542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157134.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148513.539216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153800.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153125.616071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159967.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150498.458136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154603.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152126.971292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151009.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151495.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153424.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149494.892241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 141640.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153953.949275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154022.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152526.837104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156532.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149193.541401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164219.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152838.495283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147125.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149833.051852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152365.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150321.008696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159063.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150419.078689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154367.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151281.110429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153124.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150665.018062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152073.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151383.430435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151203.249542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2014                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2014                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2378250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18249987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2390768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21263363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1326123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53592528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2313794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19414362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2967277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33877829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2189259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21178230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       918392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13207117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2396844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20712668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2655703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14277751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2653110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     19986034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       978790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12363945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2352259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21185355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1311397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51479031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2501446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15166710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1234691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     51389431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2348313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21416695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441677452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       178615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4837416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       203571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        83858                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       132973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        78020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4770399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4929155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15214007                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2378250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18428602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2390768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21263363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1326123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58429944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2313794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19617933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2967277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33961687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2189259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21178230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       918392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13207117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2396844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20845641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2655703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14277751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2653110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20064054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       978790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12363945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2352259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21185355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1311397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56249430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2501446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15166710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1234691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56318586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2348313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21416695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456891459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2378250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18428602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2390768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21263363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1326123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58429944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2313794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19617933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2967277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33961687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2189259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21178230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       918392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13207117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2396844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20845641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2655703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14277751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2653110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20064054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       978790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12363945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2352259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21185355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1311397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56249430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2501446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15166710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1234691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56318586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2348313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21416695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456891459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.397869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.547777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.412811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.523585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.454328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.569757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.428235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.556062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.546679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.461618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.395760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.569757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.428235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.556062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.546679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.461618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99093.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90346.470297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95630.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94925.727679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102009.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92560.497409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96408.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93789.188406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92727.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93327.352617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95185.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91285.474138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 83490.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95703.746377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95873.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94148.490909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98359.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90941.089172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106124.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94720.540284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 88980.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91584.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94090.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92110.239130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100876.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92421.958707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96209.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93047.300613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94976.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92593.569369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93932.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93116.065217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93082.708535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89307.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89581.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101785.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        83858                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       132973                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        78020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90007.528302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91280.648148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90559.565476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99093.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90336.284314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95630.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94925.727679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102009.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92306.388626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96408.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93865.708134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92727.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93301.337912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95185.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91285.474138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 83490.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95703.746377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95873.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94324.167421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98359.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90941.089172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106124.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94641.764151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 88980.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91584.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94090.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92110.239130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100876.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92212.180328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96209.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93047.300613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94976.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92477.152709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93932.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93116.065217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92996.429676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99093.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90336.284314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95630.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94925.727679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102009.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92306.388626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96408.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93865.708134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92727.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93301.337912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95185.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91285.474138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 83490.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95703.746377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95873.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94324.167421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98359.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90941.089172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106124.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94641.764151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 88980.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91584.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94090.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92110.239130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100876.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92212.180328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96209.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93047.300613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94976.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92477.152709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93932.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93116.065217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92996.429676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.205551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479553.345168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.205551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5883199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5883199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5883199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5883199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5883199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5883199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 189780.612903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189780.612903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 189780.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189780.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 189780.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189780.612903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4868824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4868824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4868824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 194752.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194752.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 194752.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194752.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 194752.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194752.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141730.248201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.575529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.424471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.717092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.282908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       158935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         158935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       158935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        158935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242018690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242018690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9533441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9533441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    251552131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251552131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    251552131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251552131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       160947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       160947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124303.384694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124303.384694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 146668.323077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146668.323077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125025.910040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125025.910040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125025.910040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125025.910040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58537643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58537643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       518901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       518901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59056544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59056544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59056544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59056544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102159.935428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102159.935428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103780.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103780.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102173.951557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102173.951557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102173.951557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102173.951557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.581426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              646510464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1171214.608696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.466471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.114955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.037607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5195697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5195697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5195697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5195697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5195697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5195697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167603.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167603.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167603.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167603.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167603.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167603.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4519947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4519947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4519947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4519947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4519947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4519947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173844.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173844.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173844.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173844.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173844.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173844.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151271751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             184028.894161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   151.626905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   104.373095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.592293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.407707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       190169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         221980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        221980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    224202895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224202895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1192645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1192645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    225395540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225395540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    225395540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225395540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       192152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       223978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       223978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113062.478568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113062.478568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 79509.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79509.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112810.580581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112810.580581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112810.580581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112810.580581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     60482260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60482260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       209061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     60691321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60691321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     60691321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60691321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107428.525755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107428.525755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        69687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107228.482332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107228.482332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107228.482332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107228.482332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              502.633893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753314204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1497642.552684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.633893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2584329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2584329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2584329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2584329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2584329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2584329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184594.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184594.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184594.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184594.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184594.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184594.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2367892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2367892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2367892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2367892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2367892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2367892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182145.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182145.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182145.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182145.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182145.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182145.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125533598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             91831.454279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   194.223931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    61.776069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.758687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.241313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        92373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        74878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       167251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         167251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       167251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        167251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    335476683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335476683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     70934999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70934999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    406411682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406411682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    406411682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406411682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        94883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.026454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133656.049004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133656.049004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 175148.145679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175148.145679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 139420.817153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139420.817153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 139420.817153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139420.817153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    127218195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127218195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8540853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8540853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    135759048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135759048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    135759048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135759048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120357.800378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120357.800378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 158163.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158163.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122195.362736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122195.362736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122195.362736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122195.362736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              506.206169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750133325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1479552.909270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.206169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.038792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         125363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        125363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5943991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5943991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5943991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5943991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5943991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5943991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       125395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       125395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 185749.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185749.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 185749.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185749.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 185749.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185749.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4765510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4765510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4765510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190620.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190620.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190620.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190620.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190620.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190620.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118203407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             142071.402644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   183.288069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    72.711931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.715969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.284031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        72608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         159307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        159307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    246785803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246785803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9345184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9345184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    256130987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256130987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    256130987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256130987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        88632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127669.841180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127669.841180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 141593.696970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141593.696970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128129.558279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128129.558279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128129.558279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128129.558279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     59579534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59579534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       599995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       599995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60179529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60179529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60179529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60179529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104342.441331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104342.441331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       119999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       119999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104478.348958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104478.348958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104478.348958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104478.348958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              567.597936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              768707012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1334560.784722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.877342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.720594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.041470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         123680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        123680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6536930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6536930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6536930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6536930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6536930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6536930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       123722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       123722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155641.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155641.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155641.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155641.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155641.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155641.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5212492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5212492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5212492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5212492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5212492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5212492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157954.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157954.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157954.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157954.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157954.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157954.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              289308317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             261580.756781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.399956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.600044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.435156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.564844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       317247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       172745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       489992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         489992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       489992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        489992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    360516210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360516210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       861765                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       861765                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    361377975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    361377975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    361377975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    361377975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       320236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       492990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       492990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120614.322516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120614.322516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95751.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95751.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120539.684790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120539.684790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120539.684790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120539.684790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     92855864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92855864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       287390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93143254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93143254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93143254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93143254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109629.119244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109629.119244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95796.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95796.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109580.298824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109580.298824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109580.298824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109580.298824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              547.292996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646510417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1175473.485455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.177785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.035541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.877072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         126856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        126856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4663742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4663742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4663742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4663742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4663742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4663742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       126883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       126883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172731.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172731.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172731.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172731.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172731.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172731.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4095849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4095849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4095849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4095849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4095849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4095849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170660.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170660.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170660.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170660.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170660.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170660.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151271615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             184252.880633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.727208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.272792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.592684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.407316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         221844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        221844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222627262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222627262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1394019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1394019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224021281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224021281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224021281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224021281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       192001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113123.608740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113123.608740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92934.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92934.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112970.893091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112970.893091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112970.893091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112970.893091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     60758645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60758645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       244116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       244116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61002761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61002761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61002761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61002761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108111.467972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108111.467972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        81372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        81372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107969.488496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107969.488496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107969.488496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107969.488496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              465.765253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753004321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1615889.100858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    10.765253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2097799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2097799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2097799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2097799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2097799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2097799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       128083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       128083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       128083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       128083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       128083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149842.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149842.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149842.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149842.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149842.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149842.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1690921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1690921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1690921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1690921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1690921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1690921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153720.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153720.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153720.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153720.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153720.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153720.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              109336105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             175781.519293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   129.870640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   126.129360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.507307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.492693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       100176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        73687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       173863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         173863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       173863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        173863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106744361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106744361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106744361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    106744361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106744361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    106744361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       101120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       174807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       174807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113076.653602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113076.653602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113076.653602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113076.653602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113076.653602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113076.653602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38239077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38239077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38239077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38239077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38239077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38239077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104478.352459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104478.352459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104478.352459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104478.352459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104478.352459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104478.352459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              507.158453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750133315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1476640.383858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.158453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6426578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6426578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6426578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6426578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6426578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6426578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194744.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194744.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194744.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194744.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194744.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194744.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5116790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5116790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5116790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5116790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5116790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5116790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 196799.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196799.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 196799.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196799.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 196799.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196799.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118203006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             142070.920673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   183.282322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    72.717678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.715947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.284053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        86416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       158912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         158912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       158912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        158912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    246356259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246356259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7517996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7517996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    253874255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253874255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    253874255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253874255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        88355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       160917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       160917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000910                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127053.253739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127053.253739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113909.030303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113909.030303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126620.576060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126620.576060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126620.576060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126620.576060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61196630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61196630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       394421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61591051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61591051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61591051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61591051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106800.401396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106800.401396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131473.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131473.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106928.907986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106928.907986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106928.907986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106928.907986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              489.787874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749561406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1490181.721670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.787874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         127463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        127463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5451556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5451556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5451556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5451556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5451556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5451556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       127496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       127496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165198.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165198.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165198.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165198.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165198.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165198.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4748909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4748909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4748909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169603.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169603.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169603.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169603.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169603.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169603.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              113238310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             172094.696049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   139.445039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   116.554961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.544707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.455293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       158438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         158438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       158438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        158438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    153998899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153998899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1203125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1203125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    155202024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155202024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    155202024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155202024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        87829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121642.100316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121642.100316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80208.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80208.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121156.927400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121156.927400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121156.927400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121156.927400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41345506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41345506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41537806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41537806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41537806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41537806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103622.822055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103622.822055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103327.875622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103327.875622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103327.875622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103327.875622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              507.152642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1476640.312992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.152642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.040309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6719683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6719683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6719683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6719683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6719683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6719683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 203626.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203626.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 203626.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203626.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 203626.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203626.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5447950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5447950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5447950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5447950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5447950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5447950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 209536.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209536.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 209536.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209536.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 209536.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209536.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118203071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             141053.784010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   183.671443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    72.328557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.717467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.282533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         158973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        158973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    248521896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    248521896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7347914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7347914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    255869810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255869810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    255869810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255869810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        88427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126667.633028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126667.633028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113044.830769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113044.830769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126230.789344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126230.789344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126230.789344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126230.789344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61393995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61393995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       370352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       370352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61764347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61764347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61764347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61764347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106217.984429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106217.984429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        92588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106124.307560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106124.307560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106124.307560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106124.307560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              465.766084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753004352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1615889.167382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.766084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       128100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       128100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         128100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       128100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        128100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2102225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2102225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2102225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2102225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2102225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2102225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       128114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       128114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       128114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       128114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       128114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150158.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150158.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150158.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150158.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150158.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150158.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1730856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1730856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1730856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1730856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1730856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1730856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157350.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157350.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157350.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157350.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157350.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157350.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109336317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             174658.653355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   130.047545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   125.952455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.507998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.492002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       100150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        73922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       174072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         174072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       174072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        174072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104112069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104112069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104112069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    104112069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104112069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    104112069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       101088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110993.676972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110993.676972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110993.676972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110993.676972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110993.676972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110993.676972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37354330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37354330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37354330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37354330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37354330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37354330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100957.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100957.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100957.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100957.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100957.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100957.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              548.236069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646510473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1171214.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.120815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.115254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         126912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        126912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4987663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4987663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4987663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4987663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4987663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4987663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       126942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       126942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166255.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166255.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166255.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166255.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166255.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166255.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4372280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4372280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4372280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4372280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4372280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4372280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168164.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168164.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168164.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168164.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168164.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168164.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151271844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183582.334951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   151.795516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   104.204484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.592951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.407049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       190261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       222072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         222072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       222072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        222072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    221875548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221875548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1478454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1478454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    223354002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223354002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    223354002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223354002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       192234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       224060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       224060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       224060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       224060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112455.929042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112455.929042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98563.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98563.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112351.107646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112351.107646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112351.107646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112351.107646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60571779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60571779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       277195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       277195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60848974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60848974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60848974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60848974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107206.688496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107206.688496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92398.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92398.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107128.475352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107128.475352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107128.475352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107128.475352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              502.621438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753314540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1497643.220676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.621438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         122696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        122696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2572047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2572047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2572047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2572047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2572047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2572047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       122710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       122710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183717.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183717.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183717.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183717.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183717.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183717.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2323124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2323124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2323124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2323124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2323124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2323124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178701.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178701.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178701.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178701.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178701.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178701.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125533988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             92781.957132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   192.530995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    63.469005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.752074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.247926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        74939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       167641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         167641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       167641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        167641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    322589731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322589731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68924129                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68924129                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    391513860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    391513860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    391513860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    391513860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        95169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        75324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       170493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       170493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130761.950142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130761.950142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 179023.711688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179023.711688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 137276.949509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137276.949509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 137276.949509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137276.949509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123802522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123802522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8430403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8430403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    132232925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132232925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    132232925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132232925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118584.791188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118584.791188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159064.207547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159064.207547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120540.496809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120540.496809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120540.496809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120540.496809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              489.679412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749561294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1493149.988048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.679412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.023525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         127351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        127351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5184900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5184900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5184900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5184900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5184900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5184900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       127383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       127383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162028.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162028.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162028.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162028.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162028.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162028.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4468215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4468215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4468215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4468215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4468215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4468215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165489.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165489.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165489.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165489.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165489.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165489.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113238051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             172882.520611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   139.309700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   116.690300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.544179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.455821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         158183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        158183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    156636166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156636166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1237803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1237803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157873969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157873969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157873969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157873969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        87684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124909.223285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124909.223285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82520.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82520.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124408.171001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124408.171001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124408.171001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124408.171001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42244189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42244189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       204394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42448583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42448583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42448583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42448583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106677.244949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106677.244949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68131.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68131.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106387.426065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106387.426065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106387.426065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106387.426065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              502.633471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753314384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1497642.910537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.633471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         122540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        122540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2443434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2443434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2443434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2443434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2443434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2443434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       122554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       122554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       174531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       174531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       174531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       174531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       174531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       174531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2218140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2218140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2218140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2218140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2218140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2218140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170626.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170626.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170626.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170626.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170626.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170626.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125533986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             91630.646715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   194.111634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    61.888366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.758249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.241751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        75001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       167639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         167639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       167639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        167639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    333210856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333210856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     71263896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71263896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    404474752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    404474752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    404474752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    404474752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        95164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        75403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       170567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       170567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 131912.452890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131912.452890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 177273.373134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177273.373134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 138140.284153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138140.284153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 138140.284153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138140.284153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1814                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1814                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125340344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125340344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8639911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8639911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    133980255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133980255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    133980255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133980255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118245.607547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118245.607547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159998.351852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159998.351852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120269.528725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120269.528725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120269.528725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120269.528725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              548.572082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              646510359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1171214.418478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.456629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.115452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.037591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       126798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       126798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         126798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       126798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        126798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4987142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4987142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4987142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4987142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4987142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4987142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       126828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       126828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       126828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       126828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       126828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166238.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166238.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166238.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166238.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166238.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166238.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4388458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4388458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4388458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4388458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4388458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4388458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168786.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168786.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168786.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168786.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168786.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168786.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              151271641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             183137.579903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   151.691124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   104.308876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.592543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.407457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       221870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         221870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       221870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        221870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    224322238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224322238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1446482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1446482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    225768720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225768720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    225768720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225768720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       192051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       223877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       223877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112611.565261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112611.565261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96432.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96432.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112490.642750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112490.642750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112490.642750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112490.642750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61426305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61426305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       263682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       263682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61689987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61689987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61689987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61689987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108335.634921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108335.634921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        87894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108228.047368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108228.047368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108228.047368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108228.047368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
