
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010169                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10169407356                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536356392120                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 300338                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   380361                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 189807                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53577.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16091365223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20378800779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       137856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       249728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       232448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       169728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       227456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       358272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       360320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       383616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       135424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       166016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       228352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       352384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       133888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       214784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       135296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3727232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1278976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1278976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 29119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13555952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       365016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24556790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       490884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     16589364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22857576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       490884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16690058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22366692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       465711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35230372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35431760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       402777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37722552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       465711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13316804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       478297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16325042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       440537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22454799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34651380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       478297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13165762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       415363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21120601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       490884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13304217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               366514180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       365016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       490884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       490884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       465711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440537                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       402777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       465711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       478297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       440537                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       478297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       415363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       490884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7174459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         125767014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              125767014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         125767014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       465711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13555952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       365016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24556790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       490884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     16589364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       415363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22857576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       490884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16690058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       415363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22366692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       465711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35230372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       440537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35431760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       402777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37722552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       465711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13316804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       478297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16325042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       440537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22454799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       453124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34651380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       478297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13165762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       415363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21120601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       490884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13304217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              492281194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237791                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9474                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19226110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12126912                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1045601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2527480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       632611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1195498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22747136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20219656     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         155067      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         194994      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310185      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130112      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168292      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195303      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89971      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283556      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22747136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19111982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       757865                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2515357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       360649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336431                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14824964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       360649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19132005                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       640114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2496569                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        55113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14732624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         8008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20573340                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68505972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68505972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3385290                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1850                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          194755                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382920                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14384085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3572                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3604091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22747136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16903961     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664145     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090232      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611335      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826670      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255097      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250370      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134556      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10770      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22747136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94481     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13069     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12340     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11616592     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188411      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265510      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718833      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50462977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16152890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13428912                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13910941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       360649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47644                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14387661                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382920                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1244023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555589                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429020                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13428912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21614041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550657                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372319                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       203946                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22386487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17169308     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644972     11.82%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960327      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478044      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436798      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183461      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181982      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86551      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245044      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22386487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       245044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36529068                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29136077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                293943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1639933                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.438706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.438706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60961159                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13708393                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1846474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1652434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19586232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10497745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1846474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1325336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2338761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        489930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       290438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1186051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22556333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20217572     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         360648      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         176282      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         356545      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         110127      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         331232      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          51108      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          83090      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         869729      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22556333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430464                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19346698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       534736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2334044                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       339014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       170441                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1888                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11704388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       339014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19373822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        325957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       126989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2308774                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        81773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11686606                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        65924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15275807                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     52904817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     52904817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12334265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2941518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          175696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2142871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       333864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11625371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10868768                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2137984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4395882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22556333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17788168     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489225      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1611176      7.14%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931182      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472805      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119190      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138445      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3331      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2811      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22556333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18021     57.42%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7365     23.47%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5998     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8499877     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82812      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          752      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1954794     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       330533      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10868768                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445678                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44332687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13764909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10589939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10900152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7966                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9300                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       339014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        219007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11626902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2142871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       333864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          222                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99638                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       157115                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10733139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1927579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2258079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1634382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           330500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.440116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10592783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10589939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6413756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13832301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.434244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8440587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9472325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2155038                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       147114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22217319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18705985     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1368668      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889822      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       277876      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468799      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89820      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56542      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51619      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308188      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22217319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8440587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9472325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2025015                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1700451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1456244                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8268766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       115553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       308188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33536468                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          23594033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                440825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1830736                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8440587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9472325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8440587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.889262                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.889262                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       49941422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13765275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12485584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24387048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2014636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198544                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789695                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19393329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11266699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2014636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       997266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2348966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        543942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       437244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1187971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22522363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20173397     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         108796      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         172721      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         234515      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         241803      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         205019      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         115587      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         171259      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1099266      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22522363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19198050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       634405                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2344678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2668                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       342561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       331635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13824196                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       342561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19250359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        130552                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       384203                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2295749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       118936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13818957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        15703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19282663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     64283377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     64283377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16683103                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2599459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          359598                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1294276                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       700297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       278562                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13802183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13096861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1544799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3710422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22522363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16894764     75.01%     75.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382924     10.58%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1185522      5.26%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838681      3.72%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       667145      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276371      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174238      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90757      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11961      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22522363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2712     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8034     36.97%     49.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10987     50.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11014724     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195400      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187190      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697907      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13096861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.537042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48739761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15350436                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12897430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26734                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       210162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10611                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       342561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        104108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13805595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1294276                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       227124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12913579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115951                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1813807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1834553                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           697856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529526                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12897560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12897430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7402823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19952993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9725628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11967726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1837824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       200810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22179802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17196439     77.53%     77.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2506001     11.30%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913333      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437005      1.97%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       412943      1.86%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213621      0.96%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157493      0.71%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84527      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258440      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22179802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9725628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11967726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1773784                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1084105                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1725882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10782751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       246508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       258440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35726834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27953754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                295738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1864685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9725628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11967726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9725628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.507504                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.507504                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       58117958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17966277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12813971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1986626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196323                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8826                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18983714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11280739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1986626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       980336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2482175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        555095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       598122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1169857                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22419704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19937529     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         268145      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         312622      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         171602      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         197282      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         108964      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          74381      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         190174      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1159005      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22419704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18829047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       756179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2461069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       353624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       320964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2069                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13765292                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       353624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18859741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        266645                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       404968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2451349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        83375                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13755692                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        20672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19125765                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     64045584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     64045584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16340198                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2785567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1995                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          226689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       714401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       156081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13733439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12983395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17386                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1701005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3938015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          390                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22419704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16945459     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205117      9.84%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1183952      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816971      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       714184      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364447      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89279      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57544      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42751      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22419704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3346     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11684     42.21%     54.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12653     45.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10868054     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202775      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201843      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709131      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12983395                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532388                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48431563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15438174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12766804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13011078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231696                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       353624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        220952                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13794                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13737062                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       714401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114206                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       223662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12789826                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1837403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1790917                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           708926                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12767148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12766804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7590506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19866974                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9596553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11774120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1963177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       197247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22066080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17255002     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2231485     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934563      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560792      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390049      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       252288      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130430      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104851      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206620      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22066080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9596553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11774120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1783947                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1083112                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1685172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10614848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       239594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       206620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35596692                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27828231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                291806                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1967365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9596553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11774120                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9596553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541232                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541232                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       57704625                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17723768                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12852290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2015090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648541                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       826607                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         791376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19389924                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11268111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2015090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       999190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2350902                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        542553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       434076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1187644                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22516696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20165794     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         109413      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         173866      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         235432      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         241657      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         204861      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         115424      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         170548      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1099701      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22516696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19194833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       631153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2346500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2680                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       341529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       331774                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13825427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       341529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19247548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        129643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       381978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2297173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       118822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13819781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        15710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        52053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19282151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     64289750                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     64289750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16689981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2592170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          359266                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1294218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       700552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       223216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13801181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13099251                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1540757                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3692780                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22516696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16931239     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2330822     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170689      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854110      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676218      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276526      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174496      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90525      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12071      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22516696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2692     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8050     37.03%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10997     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11017075     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195346      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186998      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698192      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13099251                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.537139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48738875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15345392                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12899800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13120990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26672                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       341529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        103313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13804602                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1294218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9770                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114785                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       226470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12916123                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1814508                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1835174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           698135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12899915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12899800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7405030                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19960373                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528961                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9729577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11972621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1831998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       200452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22175167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17226281     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2471579     11.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916377      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437752      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391088      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212849      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171658      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84177      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263406      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22175167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9729577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11972621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1774512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1084555                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1726581                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10787152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       246606                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       263406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35716302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27950785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                295443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1870373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9729577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11972621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9729577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.506488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.506488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       58129646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17968063                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12815802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1984873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1627484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18997914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11282136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1984873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       979696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2480964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        554921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       592972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1170924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22427396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19946432     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         267446      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         310605      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         171581      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         197311      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         108914      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          74965      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         192436      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1157706      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22427396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18843143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       751156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2460407                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       353476                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       321940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2070                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13769160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10723                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       353476                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18872726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        255196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       412906                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2451262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        81828                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13760182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19128205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     64071923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     64071923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16341969                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2786221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3650                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          222781                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1313903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       716101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       157570                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13739659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3656                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12991331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17416                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1703116                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3931835                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22427396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16951400     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205657      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1182919      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817311      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715241      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365477      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88999      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57576      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42816      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22427396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11847     42.37%     54.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12790     45.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10874740     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202936      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201482      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710581      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12991331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48455436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15446572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12775645                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13019293                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       353476                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        209828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13743339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1313903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       716101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2053                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       223579                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12798223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128241                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1838639                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1791465                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           710398                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524795                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12775928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12775645                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7592378                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19880152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9597565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11775347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1968199                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       197209                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22073920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17262468     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2231350     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935341      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560612      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389870      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251864      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130809      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105023      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206583      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22073920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9597565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11775347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1784100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1083209                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1685357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10615939                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       239616                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       206583                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35610818                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27840583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                292277                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1959673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9597565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11775347                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9597565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.540964                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.540964                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57740832                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17731215                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12855296                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24387068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1978560                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195985                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19214478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11222710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1978560                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       983414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2351311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        567420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       337830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1183636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22270812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19919501     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         127567      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         200963      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         318843      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133306      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         150231      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         158176      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         103762      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1158463      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22270812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081132                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19040090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       514007                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2343878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       366891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       324125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13702263                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       366891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19068696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        167797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       263960                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2321755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81711                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13693409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3834                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19008986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63692622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63692622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16206804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2802182                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3470                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1902                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          248201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1306683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       701751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       159339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13673122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3481                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12934888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16287                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1749518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3887858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          318                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22270812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16816494     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188854      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197513      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816828      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762431      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219969      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170344      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58141      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40238      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22270812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3081     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9537     38.95%     51.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11865     48.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10835944     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204330      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1567      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1195840      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697207      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12934888                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24483                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001893                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48181358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15426277                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12724796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12959371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38756                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237065                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           25                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21656                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          843                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       366891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        114277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13676623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1306683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113867                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112273                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12749448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1124916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1821750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1793487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           696834                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522795                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12725044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12724796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7441047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19433489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382898                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9519727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11668594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2008084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       199863                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21903921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17164052     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2295406     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895018      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481636      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360146      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201373      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124409      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110707      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271174      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21903921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9519727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11668594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1749713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1069618                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1674837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10514392                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       237056                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       271174                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35309360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27720280                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                312139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2116256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9519727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11668594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9519727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.561740                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.561740                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57494628                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17641567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12780824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1979045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195505                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19210753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11221169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1979045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       983949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2351715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        565698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       343781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1183003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196834                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22272203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19920488     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         127575      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         201160      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         318265      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         133759      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         150724      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         158303      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         103658      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1158271      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22272203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460128                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19037181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       519144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2344174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6049                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       365653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       324550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13703723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       365653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19065498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        167450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       269836                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2322389                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        81375                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13694673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        23514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        30306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3928                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19008801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     63699548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     63699548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16216130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2792671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          246723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308117                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       701817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       159662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13673580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12937876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1743648                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3880719                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          291                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22272203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16817707     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188239      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197188      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817502      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762476      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220484      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170034      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58357      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40216      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22272203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3102     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9586     39.06%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11856     48.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10837661     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204145      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197105      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697397      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12937876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48188896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15420840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12727810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12962420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       365653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        115831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13677059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308117                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113443                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       225127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12752647                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125494                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1822562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1794140                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           697068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522927                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12728040                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12727810                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7441092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19437036                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9525140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11675341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001756                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3161                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       199378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21906550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17165101     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296092     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894934      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481601      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360692      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201221      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124426      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110715      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271768      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21906550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9525140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11675341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1750737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1070243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1675828                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10520469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       237203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       271768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35311814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27719878                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                311603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2114866                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9525140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11675341                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9525140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.560285                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.560285                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       57507865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17644784                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12779738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1900797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1714379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       731379                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20145210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11964728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1900797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       781574                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2364601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        319470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       447898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1158269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102063                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23173000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20808399     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          84270      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         172248      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          72314      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         391727      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         349349      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          67666      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         142008      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1085019      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23173000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077943                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.490618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20031921                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       562674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2355929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7415                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       215056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       167429                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14030813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1432                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       215056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20053035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        394534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       103427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2343480                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        63463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14022661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        26294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        23353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          471                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16474975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66046322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66046322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14581604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1893359                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          163223                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3305790                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1670886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        80910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13993002                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1640                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13445789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1097840                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2633069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23173000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18399435     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426366      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174477      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506510      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643485      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622735      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354289      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28034      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17669      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23173000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34125     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265179     86.37%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7712      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8438336     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117677      0.88%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3222283     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666689     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13445789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.551349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50378902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15092830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13329117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13752805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       131187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       215056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        359614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17232                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13994651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3305790                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       118842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13350573                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3211000                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4877504                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1748451                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1666504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.547445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13329624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13329117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7200421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14190587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546565                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507408                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10820822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12716252                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1279645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       103692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22957944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18348686     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680122      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789504      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780434      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212083      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908272      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67603      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49410      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121830      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22957944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10820822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12716252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4834409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3174596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1678900                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11308208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       121830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36831985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28206891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                443279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1214069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10820822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12716252                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10820822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.253717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.253717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       65994260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15486877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16698227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2211258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19228627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12127006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2211258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1045847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2527993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        564980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       632215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1195649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22749420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20221427     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         154948      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         195460      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         310307      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130494      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168688      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         195082      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          89673      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1283341      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22749420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19115385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       756612                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2515902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       360299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336426                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14824193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       360299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19135370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         62039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       639957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2497092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        54659                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14732091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        37994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20571456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68504280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68504280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17190214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3381230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1896                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          193338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       721104                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       163400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13788290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3597826                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          173                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22749420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16907243     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664260     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090132      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       609898      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827417      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254508      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250630      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134572      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10760      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22749420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94462     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13048     10.89%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12356     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11615238     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188365      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264445      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718537      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13788290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50459467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16146015                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13427020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13908156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10278                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265108                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           85                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10792                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       360299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721104                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5292                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           85                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118930                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13546552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1961547                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1915572                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           718428                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13427118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13427020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8045001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21609991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550579                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372282                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12323902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2060555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       204050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22389121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17171758     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644793     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960130      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478080      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437261      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183570      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182029      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86459      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245041      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22389121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10001254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12323902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1827786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1117474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1786168                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11095657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       245041                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36528459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29129234                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                293905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1637649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10001254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12323902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10001254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.438401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.438401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60949841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18761120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13707994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2014582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198532                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822965                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790265                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207611                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19397203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11265440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2014582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       997876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2348841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        543252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       437372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1188099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22525566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20176725     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         108601      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         172718      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         235094      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         241890      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         205136      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         114632      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         172211      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1098559      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22525566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461943                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19202757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       633792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2344439                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2688                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       341889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       331567                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13821466                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       341889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19255009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        129962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       384320                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2295521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       118862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13816116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        15751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        52034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19279224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     64270196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     64270196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16688457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2590755                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          360050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293391                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       700373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       222494                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13799106                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13096323                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1538589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3694921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22525566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16940964     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2330385     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1171179      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854585      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       674884      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276029      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174782      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90612      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22525566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2512     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8023     36.67%     48.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11345     51.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11014312     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195452      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186817      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698102      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13096323                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.537019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21880                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48742030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15341145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12897580                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26007                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       341889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        103470                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13802517                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293391                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       226656                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12913760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116148                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1814199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1834859                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           698051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12897701                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12897580                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7403374                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19952874                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9728701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11971533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1830994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       200798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22183677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17236164     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2470281     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916421      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437328      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391345      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213020      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171354      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84290      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263474      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22183677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9728701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11971533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1774350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1084455                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1726443                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10786153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       246580                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       263474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35722652                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27946972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                295599                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1861503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9728701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11971533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9728701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506714                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506714                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398929                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398929                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       58119177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17966004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12812997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1986595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196292                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204122                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8885                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18993805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11291209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1986595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       979698                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2482452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        556077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       592635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1170918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22425566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19943114     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         267961      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         310287      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         171446      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         197300      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         109142      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          74494      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         192401      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1159421      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22425566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.463000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18838205                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       751527                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2461859                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       354606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       322396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2068                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13781066                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10730                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       354606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18868353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        250802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       417199                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2452216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        82388                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13771756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        20307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19142174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     64125041                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     64125041                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16344650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2797521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3662                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          223440                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1316475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       716633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18399                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       158213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13749958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12997420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1714146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3957307                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22425566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16948052     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2204566      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184891      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816957      3.64%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715873      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365857      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88869      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57798      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42703      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22425566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3323     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11998     42.73%     54.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12758     45.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10878519     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203102      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203255      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710952      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12997420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28079                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48466407                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15467902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12780038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13025499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233091                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       354606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        206448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13753652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1316475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       716633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113372                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110223                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       223595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12803761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1840370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1792117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           710744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.525023                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12780356                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12780038                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7596261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19888832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.524050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381936                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9599122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11777268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1976542                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       197246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22070960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17259728     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2230398     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935331      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561523      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389830      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251741      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130464      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104730      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       207215      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22070960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9599122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11777268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1784384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1083384                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1685621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10617674                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       239654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       207215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35617490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27862239                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                292306                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1961503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9599122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11777268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9599122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.540552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.540552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       57765098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17738110                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12864930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1979031                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195824                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843598                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8802                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19217048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11225302                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1979031                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       983672                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2352621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        567194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       338271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1183684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22275068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19922447     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         127933      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         201502      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         318397      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         133467      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         150421      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         158448      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         103342      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1159111      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22275068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19042958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       514148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2345088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       366830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       323890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13707983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       366830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19071606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        167547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       263152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2322967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        82964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13698848                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        23652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        30637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4831                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19016662                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     63720289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     63720289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16216936                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2799682                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3467                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1895                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          249440                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       701842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       159331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13678089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3476                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12940138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16484                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1749493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3891408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22275068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16818531     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2190352      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197209      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817191      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762778      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220254      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170052      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58507      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40194      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22275068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3071     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9639     39.15%     51.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11911     48.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10840056     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204188      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196967      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697359      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12940138                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530615                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24621                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48196449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15431220                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12729635                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12964759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          167                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21302                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          846                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       366830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        114689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13681590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8723                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          167                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       225615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12754388                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125316                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1822284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1793840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           696968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12729879                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12729635                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7444458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19445116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9525619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11675935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2005638                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       199701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21908238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17165789     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296701     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895038      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       482275      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360169      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201559      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124422      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110950      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271335      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21908238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9525619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11675935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1750834                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1070298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1675915                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10520999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       237214                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       271335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35318411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27730045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                312168                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2112001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9525619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11675935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9525619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.560156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.560156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       57517079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17648953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12783664                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2211801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808562                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237893                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19234280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12131324                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2211801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1046455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2528761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        564626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       635243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1195726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22758709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20229948     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         154855      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         195356      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         310237      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         130682      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         168550      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         195132      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          90046      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1283903      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22758709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090696                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19120698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       760088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2516575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1207                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       360139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       336687                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14830635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       360139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19140861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         61894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       643461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2497602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        54748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14737773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         7649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        38225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20579466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     68533459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     68533459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17199328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3380131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          194439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       721889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       163647                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14389816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13795575                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13618                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1762703                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3609359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22758709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16913494     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665229     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090279      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611497      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827324      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255413      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250169      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134510      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10794      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22758709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94423     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13078     10.91%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12355     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11620224     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188627      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265704      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719314      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13795575                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50483333                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16156195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13434425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13915431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10000                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11193                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       360139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         47291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14393412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1872                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5332                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114267                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       233174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13554542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1244307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1963520                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1916696                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           719213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555809                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13434532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13434425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8050054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21622692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10006576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12330514                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062948                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       203860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22398570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17178322     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2646234     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960953      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478120      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437458      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183716      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182026      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86482      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245259      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22398570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10006576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12330514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1828779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1118083                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1787158                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11101590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       254631                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       245259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36546695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29147083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                293669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1628360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10006576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12330514                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10006576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.437104                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.437104                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60985118                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18772390                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13713547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1985730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835350                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776052                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204123                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8938                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19015791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11288898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1985730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       980175                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2483282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        556459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       589510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1172502                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195295                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22445092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19961810     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         268213      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         311895      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         171824      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         196209      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         108959      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          74735      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         192181      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1159266      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22445092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081426                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18859585                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       748984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2462172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       354456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       321984                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2053                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13779152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        10670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       354456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18889910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        237270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       427487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2452911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        83056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13770184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        20147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        39384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19143177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     64119196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     64119196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16353166                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2790011                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3623                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2029                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          224967                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       716303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       157501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13748465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3633                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13000964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17331                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1703758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3932996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22445092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16964785     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206558      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1185022      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818235      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       716072      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364423      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89613      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57496      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42888      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22445092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3278     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11878     42.42%     54.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12842     45.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10883089     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202898      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1593      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202686      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710698      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13000964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.533109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48492349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15455986                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12782683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13028962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          797                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       354456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        192598                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13752125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       716303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2028                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9316                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       223981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12805742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129068                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1839558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1792388                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           710490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.525104                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12782959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12782683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7599468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19895164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.524158                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381976                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9604193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11783385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1968942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       197809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22090636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17276066     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2232671     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935474      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       562154      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389613      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251930      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130706      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105210      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206812      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22090636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9604193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11783385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1785313                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1083941                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1686474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10623200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       239770                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       206812                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35636086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27859125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                292799                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1941977                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9604193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11783385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9604193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.539211                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.539211                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       57774466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17743750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12862330                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3210                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24387069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2212029                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19231437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12132505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2212029                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1046181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2528105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        564678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       637406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1195665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22757571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20229466     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         154728      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         194623      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         309625      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         131060      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         168629      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         195876      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          90474      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1283090      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22757571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19117677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       762351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2515942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       360342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       336550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14830811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       360342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19137568                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         62454                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       645243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2497271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        54689                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14738612                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         7862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        38082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20580291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     68534916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     68534916                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17193003                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3387280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3558                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          192445                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       721970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8005                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       165101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13794334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761947                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3598551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22757571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16912771     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665286     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090352      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611238      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826904      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255254      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250349      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134686      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10731      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22757571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94173     78.72%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13104     10.95%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12355     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11619578     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188494      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265061      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719496      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13794334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565641                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119632                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50479342                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16152567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13432503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13913966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10133                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       360342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         47579                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1853                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       233198                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1963227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1916107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           719380                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13432602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13432503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8048567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21619010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12325910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       203715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22397229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17178495     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645563     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960901      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478198      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436877      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183505      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181987      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86628      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245075      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22397229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10002882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12325910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1828063                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1117650                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1786464                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11097454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       254531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       245075                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36542670                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29141548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                293569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1629498                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10002882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12325910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10002882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.438004                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.438004                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60975794                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18768230                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13714860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          29131                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32760.991294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1515077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          61884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.482532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           294.710757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.146005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   484.039689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.966663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   897.581978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.319412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   587.228649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.779287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   768.004335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.821439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   582.025837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.497949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   761.054161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.522257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1151.946975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.803822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1165.178291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.592845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1295.243610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.010520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   474.743330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.453750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   568.796136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.985376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   735.508267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.304734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1139.459682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.757715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   470.062682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.874940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   709.791435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.110480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   477.808361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           866.950736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1439.097750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1049.824183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1336.905296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1042.399599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1386.188335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1541.212696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1530.790837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1548.881483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           870.142131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1069.687646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1352.734757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1557.161607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           886.253137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1463.458375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           867.171357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.027392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.017921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.023438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.017762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.023226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.035558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.039528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.017358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.022446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.034774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.014345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.021661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.014582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.026457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.043918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.032038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.040799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.031812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.042303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.047034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.046716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.047268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.026555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.041282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.047521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.027046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.044661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.026464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   52527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17745                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17745                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   231                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3462                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 29109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5799440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    162766138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4265237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    292471441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6085702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197973191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5002051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    273291990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5838343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    199409533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4825529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267252944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5723963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421579531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5425420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    424793013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4772303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    454794366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5495088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160901097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5798193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    194778832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5360278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    266389360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5431192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415029035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5663152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157940005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4907314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    252091677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6026715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159571021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4387453094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       271486                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       297474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       607055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       319481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1495496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5799440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    162766138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4265237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    292471441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6085702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197973191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5002051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    273563476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5838343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    199409533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4825529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267550418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5723963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421579531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5425420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    424793013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4772303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    454794366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5495088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160901097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5798193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    194778832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5360278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    266996415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5431192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415029035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5663152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157940005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4907314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    252411158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6026715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159571021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4388948590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5799440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    162766138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4265237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    292471441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6085702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197973191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5002051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    273563476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5838343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    199409533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4825529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267550418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5723963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421579531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5425420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    424793013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4772303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    454794366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5495088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160901097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5798193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    194778832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5360278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    266996415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5431192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415029035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5663152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157940005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4907314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    252411158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6026715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159571021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4388948590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               81636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17745                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17745                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                81877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               81877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.339341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.405620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.289590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.356571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.041494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.319558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.355643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.319558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.355643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156741.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151129.190344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147077.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149908.478216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156043.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150207.276935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151577.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150657.105843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149701.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150384.263198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146228.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150565.038873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154701.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150617.910325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       155012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150903.379396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149134.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151749.871872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148515.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152080.431947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152584.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150176.431766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153150.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149656.943820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150866.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150755.188885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149030.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150994.268642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148706.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150412.695107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154531.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150965.961211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150724.968017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       135743                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       148737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151763.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159740.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149549.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156741.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151129.190344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147077.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149908.478216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156043.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150207.276935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151577.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150640.680617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149701.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150384.263198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146228.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150562.981429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154701.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150617.910325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       155012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150903.379396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149134.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151749.871872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148515.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152080.431947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152584.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150176.431766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153150.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149661.667601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150866.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150755.188885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149030.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150994.268642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148706.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150423.812872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154531.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150965.961211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150724.564374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156741.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151129.190344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147077.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149908.478216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156043.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150207.276935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151577.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150640.680617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149701.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150384.263198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146228.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150562.981429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154701.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150617.910325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       155012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150903.379396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149134.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151749.871872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148515.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152080.431947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152584.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150176.431766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153150.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149661.667601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150866.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150755.188885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149030.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150994.268642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148706.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150423.812872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154531.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150965.961211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150724.564374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            29109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3649431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    100045141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2575059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    178780657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3818090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    121221966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3084441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167631254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3571876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    122159969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2901461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163882401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3572921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258634820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3388070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    260913610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2907313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280313749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3341684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     99302788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3588718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119239144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3322672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    162709145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3333419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    254765815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3458444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97030984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2984241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154481888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3757366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98005362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692373899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       155036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       181435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       374854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       202744                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       914069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3649431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    100045141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2575059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    178780657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3818090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    121221966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3084441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167786290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3571876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    122159969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2901461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164063836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3572921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258634820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3388070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    260913610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2907313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280313749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3341684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     99302788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3588718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119239144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3322672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163083999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3333419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    254765815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3458444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97030984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2984241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154684632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3757366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98005362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2693287968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3649431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    100045141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2575059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    178780657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3818090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    121221966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3084441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167786290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3571876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    122159969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2901461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164063836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3572921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258634820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3388070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    260913610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2907313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280313749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3341684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     99302788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3588718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119239144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3322672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163083999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3333419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    254765815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3458444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97030984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2984241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154684632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3757366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98005362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2693287968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.339341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.405620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.289590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.319558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.355643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.319558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.355643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98633.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92892.424327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88795.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91635.395695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97899.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91974.177542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93467.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92409.732084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91586.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92126.673454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87923.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92328.113239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96565.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92402.579493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        96802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92686.895204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90853.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93531.447781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90315.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93858.967864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94439.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91934.575173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94933.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91409.632022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92594.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92541.160552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91011.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92763.847036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90431.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92172.964200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96342.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92720.304636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92492.833797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        77518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90717.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93713.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       101372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91406.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98633.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92892.424327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88795.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91635.395695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97899.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91974.177542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93467.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92393.331498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91586.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92126.673454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87923.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92326.300506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96565.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92402.579493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        96802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92686.895204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90853.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93531.447781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90315.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93858.967864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94439.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91934.575173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94933.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91414.797646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92594.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92541.160552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91011.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92763.847036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90431.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92183.928486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96342.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92720.304636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92492.460867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98633.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92892.424327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88795.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91635.395695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97899.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91974.177542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93467.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92393.331498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91586.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92126.673454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87923.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92326.300506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96565.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92402.579493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        96802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92686.895204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90853.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93531.447781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90315.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93858.967864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94439.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91934.575173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94933.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91414.797646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92594.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92541.160552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91011.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92763.847036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90431.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92183.928486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96342.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92720.304636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92492.460867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              489.463757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001203547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2026727.827935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.463757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1195447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1195447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8948736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8948736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8948736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8948736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8948736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8948736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175465.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175465.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175465.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175465.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175465.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175465.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7091648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7091648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7091648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7091648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7091648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7091648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181837.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181837.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181837.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181837.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181837.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181837.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38127.318520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.297137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.702863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       953038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    971754374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971754374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6102693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6102693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    977857067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    977857067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    977857067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    977857067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       962302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1669043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1669043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104895.765760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104895.765760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98430.532258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98430.532258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104852.784366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104852.784366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104852.784366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104852.784366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    346577060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346577060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1250706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1250706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    347827766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347827766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    347827766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347827766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95713.079260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95713.079260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78169.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78169.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95635.899368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95635.899368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95635.899368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95635.899368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              551.782845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              917913460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1647959.533214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.604329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.178516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.041033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1186015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1186015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1186015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1186015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1186015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5747018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5747018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5747018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5747018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5747018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5747018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1186051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1186051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1186051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159639.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159639.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159639.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159639.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159639.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159639.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4923578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4923578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4923578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4923578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4923578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4923578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164119.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164119.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164119.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164119.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164119.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164119.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              204769158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35911.813048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.298702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.701298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.743354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.256646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1766290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       323007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2089297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2089297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2089297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2089297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2042103995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2042103995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2469592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2469592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2044573587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2044573587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2044573587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2044573587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1785184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       323037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2108221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2108221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2108221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2108221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108082.142214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108082.142214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82319.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82319.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108041.301363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108041.301363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108041.301363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108041.301363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13478                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13478                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    546957609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546957609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       414845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    547372454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    547372454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    547372454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    547372454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100543.678125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100543.678125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69140.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69140.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100509.080793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100509.080793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100509.080793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100509.080793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.407760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998100389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1934303.079457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.407760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1187918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1187918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1187918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8608073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8608073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8608073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8608073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8608073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8608073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1187971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162416.471698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162416.471698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162416.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162416.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162416.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162416.471698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6901955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6901955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6901955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6901955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6901955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6901955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168340.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168340.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168340.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168340.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168340.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168340.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152131763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36596.527063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.075838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.924162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.871390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.128610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       816407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       686393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1502800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1502800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        12590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        12590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1470776206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1470776206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8601323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8601323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1479377529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1479377529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1479377529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1479377529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       828894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       686496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1515390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1515390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117784.592456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117784.592456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83507.990291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83507.990291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117504.172280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117504.172280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117504.172280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117504.172280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    382786882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    382786882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1213010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    383999892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    383999892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    383999892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    383999892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98554.809990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98554.809990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67389.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67389.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98411.043567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98411.043567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98411.043567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98411.043567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.747766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999389561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1936801.474806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.747766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1169816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1169816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1169816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1169816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1169816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1169816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6704177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6704177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6704177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6704177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6704177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6704177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1169857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1169857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1169857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1169857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1169857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1169857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163516.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163516.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163516.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163516.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163516.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163516.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5785327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5785327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5785327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5785327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5785327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5785327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170156.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170156.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170156.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170156.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170156.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170156.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158030880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             28633.969922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.685697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.314303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.873772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.126228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       824242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       696987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1521229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1521229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1521229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1521229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2259685652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2259685652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     48410042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48410042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2308095694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2308095694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2308095694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2308095694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       842467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       697407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1670                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1539874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1539874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1539874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1539874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123988.238793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123988.238793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115262.004762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115262.004762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123791.670367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123791.670367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123791.670367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123791.670367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    522578999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522578999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1287559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    523866558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    523866558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    523866558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523866558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99614.753908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99614.753908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75738.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75738.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99537.632149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99537.632149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99537.632149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99537.632149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.026047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998100065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1934302.451550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.026047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1187594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1187594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1187594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1187594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1187594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8384423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8384423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8384423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8384423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8384423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8384423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1187644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1187644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1187644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167688.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167688.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167688.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167688.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167688.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167688.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6849352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6849352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6849352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167057.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167057.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167057.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167057.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167057.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167057.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152132472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             36579.098822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.114697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.885303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.871542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.128458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       816835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       686674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1503509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1503509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1473929684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1473929684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8454434                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8454434                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1482384118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1482384118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1482384118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1482384118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       829284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       686774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1516058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1516058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118397.436260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118397.436260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84544.340000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84544.340000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118127.668978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118127.668978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118127.668978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118127.668978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    385287242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    385287242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1201208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1201208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    386488450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    386488450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    386488450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    386488450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99147.514668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99147.514668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 70659.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70659.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99023.430694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99023.430694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99023.430694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99023.430694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              511.559703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              999390629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1936803.544574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.559703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.047371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1170884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1170884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1170884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1170884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1170884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6497508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6497508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6497508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6497508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6497508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6497508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1170924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1170924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1170924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162437.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162437.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162437.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162437.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162437.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162437.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5632462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5632462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5632462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165660.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165660.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165660.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165660.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165660.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165660.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158030686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28706.754950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.717085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.282915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.873895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.126105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       823941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       697040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1520981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1520981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250253896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2250253896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47805553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47805553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2298059449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2298059449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2298059449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2298059449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       842027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       697463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1539490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1539490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1539490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1539490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124419.655866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124419.655866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113015.491726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113015.491726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124159.027986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124159.027986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124159.027986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124159.027986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    518777640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518777640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1294926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    520072566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    520072566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    520072566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520072566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99154.747706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99154.747706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76172.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76172.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99080.313584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99080.313584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99080.313584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99080.313584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.649449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003851270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1901233.465909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.649449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1183589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1183589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1183589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1183589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1183589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7712253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7712253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7712253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7712253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7712253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7712253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1183636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1183636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1183636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164090.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164090.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164090.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164090.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164090.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164090.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6332581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6332581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6332581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6332581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6332581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6332581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166646.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166646.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166646.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166646.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166646.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166646.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166884270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             23114.164820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.214710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.785290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       818608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        818608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       676814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1495422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1495422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1495422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1495422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2106667102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2106667102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7328181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7328181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2113995283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2113995283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2113995283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2113995283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       836496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       676903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1513399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1513399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117769.851409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117769.851409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82339.112360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82339.112360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117594.441954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117594.441954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117594.441954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117594.441954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    728981418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    728981418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1031399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1031399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730012817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    730012817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730012817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    730012817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104904.506836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104904.506836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68759.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68759.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104826.653791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104826.653791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104826.653791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104826.653791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.818900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003850638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1908461.288973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.818900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1182957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1182957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1182957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1182957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1182957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7882169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7882169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7882169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7882169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7882169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7882169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1183003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1183003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1183003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171351.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171351.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171351.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171351.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171351.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171351.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6127722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6127722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6127722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6127722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6127722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6127722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170214.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170214.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170214.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170214.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170214.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170214.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166885070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             23143.124393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   227.406468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    28.593532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.888307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.111693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       819043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       677214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1496257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1496257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2116175407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2116175407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7669034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7669034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2123844441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2123844441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2123844441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2123844441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       836853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       677303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1514156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1514156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118819.506289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118819.506289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86168.921348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86168.921348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118657.156322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118657.156322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118657.156322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118657.156322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    732111033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    732111033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1049831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1049831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    733160864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    733160864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    733160864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733160864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105491.503314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105491.503314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69988.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69988.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105414.933717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105414.933717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105414.933717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105414.933717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              567.290992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1028873546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1786238.795139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.930294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.360697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.039952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1158225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1158225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1158225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1158225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1158225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6683277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6683277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6683277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6683277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6683277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6683277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1158269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1158269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1158269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151892.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151892.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151892.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151892.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151892.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151892.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5247191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5247191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5247191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5247191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5247191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5247191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159005.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159005.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159005.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159005.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159005.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159005.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              405425210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             50678.151250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.077841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.922159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3030245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3030245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1658156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4688401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4688401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4688401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4688401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        27337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        27337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3130112698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3130112698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1554668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1554668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3131667366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3131667366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3131667366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3131667366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3057562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3057562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1658176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4715738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4715738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4715738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4715738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114584.789618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114584.789618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77733.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77733.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114557.828803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114557.828803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114557.828803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114557.828803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    818275850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818275850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    818660450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818660450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    818660450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818660450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105747.719049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105747.719049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105715.450671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105715.450671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105715.450671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105715.450671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              489.086037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001203694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2026728.125506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.086037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1195594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1195594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1195594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1195594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1195594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8976810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8976810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8976810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8976810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8976810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8976810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163214.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163214.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163214.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163214.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163214.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163214.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6685834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6685834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6685834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171431.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171431.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171431.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171431.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171431.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171431.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148428751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38284.434099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.268553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.731447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.860424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.139576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       952037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1658769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1658769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    961492614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    961492614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7524260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7524260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969016874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    969016874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969016874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    969016874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       961245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1668076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1668076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104419.267376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104419.267376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76002.626263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76002.626263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104116.995165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104116.995165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104116.995165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104116.995165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        39539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        39539                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    343338928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343338928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1217586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1217586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    344556514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344556514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    344556514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344556514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95239.647157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95239.647157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76099.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76099.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95155.071527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95155.071527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95155.071527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95155.071527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              509.036682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998100519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1941829.803502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.036682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1188048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1188048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1188048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1188048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1188048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1188048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8444657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8444657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8444657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8444657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8444657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8444657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1188099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1188099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1188099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165581.509804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165581.509804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165581.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165581.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165581.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165581.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6749405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6749405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6749405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6749405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6749405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6749405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173061.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173061.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173061.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173061.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173061.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173061.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152132860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36570.399038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.095323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.904677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.871466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.128534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       817290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       686606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1503896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1503896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1462380149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1462380149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9356562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9356562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1471736711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1471736711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1471736711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1471736711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       829751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       686712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1516463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1516463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117356.564401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117356.564401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 88269.452830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88269.452830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117111.220737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117111.220737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117111.220737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117111.220737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    381998863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    381998863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1293368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    383292231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    383292231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    383292231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    383292231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98301.302882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98301.302882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71853.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71853.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98179.362449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98179.362449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98179.362449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98179.362449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.186762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              999390618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1929325.517375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.186762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1170873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1170873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1170873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1170873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1170873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7322992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7322992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7322992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7322992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7322992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7322992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1170918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1170918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1170918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162733.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162733.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162733.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162733.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162733.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162733.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6225351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6225351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6225351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6225351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6225351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6225351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172926.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172926.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172926.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172926.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172926.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172926.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158031782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28722.606688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.712378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.287622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       824918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       697153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1730                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1730                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1522071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1522071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1522071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1522071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2230603987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2230603987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51703014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51703014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2282307001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2282307001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2282307001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2282307001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       843031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       697572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1540603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1540603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123149.339535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123149.339535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123396.214797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123396.214797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123154.921271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123154.921271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123154.921271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123154.921271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    517205322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517205322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1649679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1649679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    518855001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    518855001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    518855001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    518855001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98948.789363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98948.789363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86825.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86825.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98904.880099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98904.880099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98904.880099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98904.880099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.427659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1003851316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1904841.206831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.427659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1183635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1183635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1183635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1183635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1183635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7644724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7644724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7644724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7644724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7644724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7644724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1183684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1183684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1183684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156014.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156014.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156014.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156014.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156014.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156014.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6057766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6057766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6057766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163723.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163723.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163723.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163723.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163723.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163723.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166885366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             23204.305617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.282820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.717180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.887824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.112176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       819266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       677255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1496521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1496521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2097708840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2097708840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7233581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7233581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2104942421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2104942421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2104942421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2104942421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       837093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       677343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1514436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1514436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117670.322544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117670.322544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82199.784091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82199.784091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117496.088250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117496.088250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117496.088250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117496.088250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    725498596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    725498596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1019797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    726518393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726518393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    726518393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726518393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104825.689351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104825.689351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67986.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67986.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104746.019752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104746.019752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104746.019752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104746.019752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.564493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001203774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2022633.886869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.564493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1195674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1195674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1195674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1195674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1195674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8475159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8475159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8475159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8475159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8475159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8475159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1195726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1195726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1195726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162983.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162983.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162983.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162983.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162983.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162983.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6849491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6849491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6849491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171237.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171237.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171237.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171237.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171237.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171237.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148430508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             38225.729591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   220.291091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    35.708909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.860512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.139488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       953418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       707133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1660551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1660551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1660551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1660551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951016832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    951016832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6411918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6411918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    957428750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    957428750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    957428750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    957428750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       962575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       707214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1669789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1669789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103856.812493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103856.812493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79159.481481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79159.481481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103640.263044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103640.263044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103640.263044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103640.263044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    342117282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342117282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1141014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1141014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    343258296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343258296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    343258296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343258296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94716.855482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94716.855482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76067.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76067.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94639.728701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94639.728701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94639.728701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94639.728701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.359763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999392206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1936806.600775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.359763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1172461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1172461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1172461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1172461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1172461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1172461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6576924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6576924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6576924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6576924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6576924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6576924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1172502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1172502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1172502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1172502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1172502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1172502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160412.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160412.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160412.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160412.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160412.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160412.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5611869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5611869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5611869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5611869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5611869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5611869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165054.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165054.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165054.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165054.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165054.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165054.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158032132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             28696.591974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.615260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.384740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.873497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.126503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       824936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       697523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1605                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1605                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1522459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1522459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1522459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1522459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2208046675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2208046675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47979340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47979340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2256026015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2256026015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2256026015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2256026015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       842990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       697941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1540931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1540931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122302.352664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122302.352664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114783.110048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114783.110048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122132.200899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122132.200899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122132.200899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122132.200899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    508237356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508237356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1336388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1336388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    509573744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509573744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    509573744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509573744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97103.048529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97103.048529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78611.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78611.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97043.181108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97043.181108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97043.181108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97043.181108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              491.598396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001203713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2018555.872984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    36.598396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.058651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1195613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1195613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9800168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9800168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9800168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9800168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9800168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9800168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188464.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188464.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188464.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188464.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188464.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188464.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7750949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7750949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7750949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7750949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7750949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7750949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189047.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189047.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189047.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189047.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189047.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189047.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148429700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             38127.331107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.366464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.633536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.860807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.139193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       952901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       706863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1659764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1659764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    956485079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    956485079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5310691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5310691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    961795770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    961795770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    961795770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    961795770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       962119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       706933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1669052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1669052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103762.755370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103762.755370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75867.014286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75867.014286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103552.516150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103552.516150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103552.516150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103552.516150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        16373                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        16373                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    343453003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343453003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       983155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       983155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    344436158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344436158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    344436158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344436158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94797.958322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94797.958322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70225.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70225.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94703.370360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94703.370360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94703.370360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94703.370360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
