
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106684857162                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631512450699                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 310442                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   393691                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1900317                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56140.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17428390557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22102038000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3733504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1415552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4114816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2521088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1434752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2521600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1854720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1428480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1428096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3742976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1429376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4126720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2502144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4118016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3678336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2475136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42602496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10315904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10315904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        32240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        19548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        32172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        19337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                332832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34995632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13268537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38569822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23631170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13448507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23635969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        49192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17385035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        44392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13389717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13386117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     35084417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13398115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38681403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23453600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38599817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34478520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23200443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               399330300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        49192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        44392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             723477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96695110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96695110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96695110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34995632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13268537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38569822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23631170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13448507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        39593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23635969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        49192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17385035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        44392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13389717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13386117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     35084417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13398115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        50391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38681403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23453600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        51591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38599817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34478520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        40793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23200443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              496025410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20729590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16952295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8531691                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8172651                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89891                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201264820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117678890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20729590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10306097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24648731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5882046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3526890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12375354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040041                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233254211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208605480     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1331249      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2103249      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3364605      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1392385      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1552078      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1662468      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1091140      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12151557      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233254211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199405434                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5401047                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24571779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62647                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3813301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3399616                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143698455                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3042                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3813301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199707679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1729264                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2783803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24337959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       882200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143623282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        25523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       333655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41008                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199407865                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668129997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668129997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29166023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36462                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2657437                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13676011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7355083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671657                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143440342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135761629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18205540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40494596                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233254211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176024455     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22965396      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12555275      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8562996      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8012403      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2304614      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1799876      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608811      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420385      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233254211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31680     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97819     38.67%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123481     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113731731     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148182      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12544886      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7320369      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135761629                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252980                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505197351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161683962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133580700                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136014609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2439613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          320                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8448                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3813301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1155752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121033                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143477041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13676011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7355083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88813                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1551                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184098                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154157                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2338255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133829081                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11796116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1932547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19114831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18825951                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7318715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523099                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133581691                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133580700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78099204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204060620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522128                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20902672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2066768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229440910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179681087     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24100899     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9380013      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5051816      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784315      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115733      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303786      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166506      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856755      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229440910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2856755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370060747                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290768066                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3248572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22584776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.558390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.558390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603506550                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185167144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134032325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23180292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19300025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2106194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8810018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8473261                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97851                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201685292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            127174071                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23180292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10968027                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26507018                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5862525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6877118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12524363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013589                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    238806640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      212299622     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1625988      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2042923      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3261793      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1375265      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1758065      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2050193      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         939452      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13453339      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    238806640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497086                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      200497538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      8179069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26380896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3736660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3528371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          552                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    155451886                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2660                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3736660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      200700773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        650835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6961334                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26190259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       566771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    154494313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        81554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       395508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    215780375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    718439748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    718439748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    180587641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       35192671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19468                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1993070                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14463365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7565018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84246                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709433                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        150839599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       144734186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18256087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37138856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238806640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177489367     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27960950     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11435653      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6404829      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8684815      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2675275      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2629895      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414410      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111446      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238806640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997314     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135960     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129037     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121934217     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978267      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17909      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13261482      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7542311      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    144734186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565724                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529682536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169133901                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140967511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    145996497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106657                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2726072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          708                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        495403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150877118                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118984                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14463365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7565018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19468                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          708                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1247707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1183820                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2431527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142212166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13043773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2522020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20585630                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20112801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7541857                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555866                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            140967798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           140967511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        84456749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       226881908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.551001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105061523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    129460355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21417250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36121                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2124239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235069980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180281581     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27766456     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10080060      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5023515      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4591624      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1928819      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910273      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910211      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577441      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235069980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    105061523                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    129460355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19195756                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11737278                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18020                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18765036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       116556454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2673347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2577441                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          383369416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         305491961                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3058554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17032347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         105061523                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           129460355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    105061523                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.435135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.435135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410655                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410655                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      639886326                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     196979864                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     143771183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        36090                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19883856                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17942000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1045298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7935558                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7127821                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100824                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210988724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            125067322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19883856                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8228645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24746722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3270027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5055797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12111918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1050817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    242989775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      218243053     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         889411      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1806195      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         759955      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4120893      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3662758      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         714713      0.29%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1476722      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11316075      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    242989775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077720                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      209818719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6238578                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24656342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        78112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2198021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1745123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    146664466                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2800                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2198021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      210025649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4504830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1077027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24542060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       642185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    146589704                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       278296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       230372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6026                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    172079187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    690484943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    690484943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    152806298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19272889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17024                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8591                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1613384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     34614389                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17509536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       849147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        146310074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       140762095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73727                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11162568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26625869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242989775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192972685     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14978986      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12296941      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5308910      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6730005      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6528400      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3698957      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292393      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182498      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242989775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356852     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778424     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80497      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88290924     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1228232      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8429      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33763894     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17470616     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    140762095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550198                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3215773                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527803465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157493308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139563002                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    143977868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1328679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          571                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3595                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12467                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2198021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4133773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146327234                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34614389                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17509536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8595                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3595                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       612656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1225366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139778643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33648657                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           51117657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18314421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17469000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139567385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139563002                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75371263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       148467286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113420670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    133287823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13053666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1068390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240791754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192474979     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17616829      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8273865      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8176370      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2226724      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9518696      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711097      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518356      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1274838      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240791754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    113420670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    133287823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             50689645                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            33285710                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17601355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       118524815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1290995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1274838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          385858067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         294881237                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4629524                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12849212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         113420670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           133287823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    113420670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.255665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.255665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443328                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443328                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      691079107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     162048468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     174685743                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20820712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17071006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8638873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8143056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2137446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198645978                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            118341915                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20820712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10280502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26026957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5769943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6484070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12233750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234861253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208834296     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2819377      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3254138      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1794034      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2080349      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1136740      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         774553      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2019378      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12148388      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234861253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      197048330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8111932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25819932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       195824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3685233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3382814                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        19010                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    144453539                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        94311                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3685233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      197353589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2932017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4315154                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25723633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       851625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    144366053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       225054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       395420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    200624761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    672206252                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    672206252                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171401109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       29223652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37811                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21086                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2277881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768536                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7514480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198259                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1665147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        144157529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136252981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17977181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41544105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4232                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234861253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177448645     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23091690      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12404129      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8595053      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7504971      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3849803      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       919271      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598179      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       449512      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234861253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35988     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124971     42.58%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132508     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114044960     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2132347      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16692      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12598256      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7460726      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136252981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532573                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507850524                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162173902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134010393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136546448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344581                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2411454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          886                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166288                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8347                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3685233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2426941                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149363                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144195542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768536                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7514480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21080                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105759                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2320947                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134261005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11832797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1991976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19291703                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18788578                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7458906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524787                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134012546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134010393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        79642723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       208585987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100651079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123486651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20710120                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33665                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2045863                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231176020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180735959     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23387318     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9800489      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5894416      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4078356      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2635426      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1363958      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1099979      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2180119      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231176020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100651079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123486651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18705274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11357082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17673030                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       111328226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2512359                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2180119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373191996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         292078850                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3038860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20977734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100651079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123486651                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100651079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      605654719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     185986455                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     134835282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33634                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23185057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19303015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8806001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8472475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201650120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            127189183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23185057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10966579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26509465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5861217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6902027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12521759                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    238799093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      212289628     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1626748      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2041992      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3259490      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1375706      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1760243      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2048576      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         938778      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13457932      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    238799093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497145                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      200462316                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8204029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26383369                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        12452                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3736926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3530199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    155479106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2325                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3736926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200665923                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        652526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6983424                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26192386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       567900                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    154519861                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        81702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       396489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    215800169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    718542345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    718542345                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    180607398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       35192755                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19485                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1998908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14472062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7567766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85110                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1716652                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        150868664                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       144753290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18268401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37184331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1403                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238799093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177470816     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27965898     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11438109      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6410140      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8681603      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2677590      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2629643      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413818      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111476      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238799093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996835     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136545     10.82%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129052     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121950435     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978482      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17911      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13261683      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7544779      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    144753290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008721                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529713671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169175294                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140988608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    146015722                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2733519                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          704                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           92                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        497013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150906201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14472062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7567766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19485                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          704                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1185639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2431032                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142233472                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13044889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2519813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20588981                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20116811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7544092                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            140989064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           140988608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        84469802                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       226919806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.551083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105073003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    129474464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21432330                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36126                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2122629                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235062167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180266296     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27771011     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10080756      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5023602      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4593801      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1927722      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1912218      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910075      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576686      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235062167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105073003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    129474464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19197824                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11738540                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18022                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18767074                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       116569145                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2673632                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2576686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          383391547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         305550544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3057755                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              17039894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105073003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           129474464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105073003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.434869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.434869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      639970808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     197004631                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     143789282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        36096                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19410176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17331032                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13005550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12674240                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205198533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110223600                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19410176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13840265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24581349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5069456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3104425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12413629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519106                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    236397439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      211816090     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3748204      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1892196      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3709377      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1188604      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3435426      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         541193      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         872603      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9193746      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    236397439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      202732942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5616820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24532961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19779                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3494933                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1833139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18175                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123303048                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34408                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3494933                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      203008334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3394536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1377366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24278234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       844032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123126870                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        95903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       675036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161374007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    558025941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    558025941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130937727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30436271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1833196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22210448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3606226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       820440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122491694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114732412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22039416                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45128575                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236397439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186055287     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15901259      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16818070      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9766516      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5037535      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259949      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495026      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34952      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28845      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236397439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192432     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78468     23.38%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64753     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89970297     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899286      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8168      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20279145     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3575516      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114732412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448456                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335653                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466272361                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144548004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111822656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    115068065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4517008                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494933                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2305444                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122508383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22210448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8371                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41223                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045564                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594540                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1640104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113277980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19987822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23563151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17221769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3575329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442771                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111848632                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111822656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67668293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147366569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89097642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100310680                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22202667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1537938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232902506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195554260     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14674890      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9426250      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2967048      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4925155      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960693      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608983      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557653      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227574      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232902506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89097642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100310680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21217278                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17693438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15390547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87663403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1254393                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3227574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          352187941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248524420                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4562255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19441548                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89097642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100310680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89097642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.871445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.871445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348257                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348257                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      526543521                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145704775                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130957662                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21060279                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17232983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2064725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8862136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8303625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2177876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203067076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            117701489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21060279                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10481501                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24589036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5614237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4832623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12424521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2066242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    236011471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      211422435     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1152735      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1826016      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2468697      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2539607      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2146661      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1198223      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1782180      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11474917      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    236011471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      201003896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6913103                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24545026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        27080                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3522363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3465257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    144458741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1963                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3522363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      201555957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1427204                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4224326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24027085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1254533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    144404660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       171660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       546919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    201514373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    671747667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    671747667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    174939289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       26575073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3754526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13532432                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7326504                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1711373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        144231387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       137085589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18748                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15770825                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37578124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1703                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236011471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177992644     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23864861     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12094250      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9107704      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7156083      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2893574      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1825491      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       950944      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125920      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236011471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25639     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83464     36.60%     47.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118948     52.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115300231     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040944      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17195      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12424303      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7302916      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    137085589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.535828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228051                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510429448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160039166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135018838                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    137313640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2167811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          568                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3522363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1142345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144267918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13532432                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7326504                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103890                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          568                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1204615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155415                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2360030                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135183098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11691163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1902491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18993803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19216652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7302640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.528391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            135019086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           135018838                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        77510890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       208850810                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101977865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    125482497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18785439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2090747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232489108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181028997     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25498561     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9639659      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4592994      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3867709      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2221024      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1947569      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       876494      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2816101      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232489108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    101977865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    125482497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18594465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11364616                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17304                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18094601                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       113058388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2583957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2816101                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          373940241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         292058304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3080763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19827516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         101977865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           125482497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    101977865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.508770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.508770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      608446065                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     188088975                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     133904692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        34654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23165649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19289719                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2108127                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9027865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8484270                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494762                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98046                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201672577                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127105022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23165649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10979032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26499017                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5857296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6844412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12523242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    238746081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      212247064     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1625453      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2054015      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3266518      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1365214      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1758680      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2051245      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         936776      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13441116      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    238746081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200488271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8142747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26373003                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12454                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3729605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3523696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    155341087                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3729605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200691891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        649340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6928538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26181867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       564832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154378598                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       394044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    215653934                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    717947142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    717947142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    180550880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       35103054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37900                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1991038                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14437968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7555664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84481                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712908                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150735591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38034                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       144666928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18210729                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36966331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1916                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238746081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177441907     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27970358     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11428799      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6400444      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8677982      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669421      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632471      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413811      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110888      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238746081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997423     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133639     10.61%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128939     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121880617     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977981      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17906      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13257906      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7532518      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    144666928                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260001                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529483211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168985050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140902582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    145926929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2703108                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          698                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98702                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           81                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        494447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150773631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14437968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7555664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          698                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1252149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2430274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142146012                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13039981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20572006                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20102273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7532025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555607                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            140902908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           140902582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84423199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       226801039                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105040151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129433902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21340353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36118                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2126192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235016476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180233283     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27762093     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10080960      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024748      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4592223      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1930522      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908346      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910341      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2573960      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235016476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105040151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129433902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19191822                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11734860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18018                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18761158                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       116532648                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2672786                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2573960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383216043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         305278129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3058275                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17092906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105040151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129433902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105040151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.435630                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.435630                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      639619857                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     196904425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143690322                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        36088                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23189637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19303716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8816089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8471141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201666305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            127214795                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23189637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10965946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26509420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5859596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6886744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12522333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    238798625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      212289205     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1627806      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2035223      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3259500      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1375931      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1760793      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2049639      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         942840      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13457688      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    238798625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497246                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      200477711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8189479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26383223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3735610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3533913                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    155502991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3735610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200681737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        652724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6968214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26191953                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       568379                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    154544398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        82173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       396002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    215829595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    718644468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    718644468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    180637613                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       35191953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1998460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14466685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7571913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        150887604                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       144783029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18254044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37134179                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1461                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238798625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177461824     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27966443     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440639      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6410761      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8685582      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2677487      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2629497      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414856      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111536      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238798625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996795     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136110     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129064     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121971343     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978390      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17914      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13266279      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7549103      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    144783029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565915                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261969                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008716                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529772629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169179927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141016458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    146044998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2726205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          687                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3735610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        497477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62123                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150925205                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14466685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7571913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19544                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          687                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1242661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1186803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2429464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142263997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13050190                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2519031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20598633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20121017                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7548443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.556068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            141016872                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           141016458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84478654                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       226934415                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.551192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105090583                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    129496049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21429746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2122384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235063015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180262841     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27770700     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10081291      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024457      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4595017      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1929461      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910814      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910333      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578101      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235063015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    105090583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    129496049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19201004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11740480                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             18026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18770163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       116588587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2674064                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2578101                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          383409981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         305587228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3055526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17040362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         105090583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           129496049                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    105090583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.434462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.434462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      640109171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     197036832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     143821370                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        36104                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255838985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20742030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16962926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8556709                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8180276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133604                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201234808                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117743999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20742030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10313880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24669908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5878625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3550027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12372332                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037392                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    233267765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208597857     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1338546      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2111298      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3364779      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1392964      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1552834      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1663938      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1082266      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12163283      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    233267765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081075                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199379107                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5420516                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24592769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        62814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3812556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3401454                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143768739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3812556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199685651                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1728792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2805439                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24354840                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       880482                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143687548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        25092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       246937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       332644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42261                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199488320                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    668448898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    668448898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170282023                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29206160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20040                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2648034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13678722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7358839                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143487461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135780508                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166726                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18232720                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40629218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233267765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176029898     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22966596      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12558311      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8565707      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8015153      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303771      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798457      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609016      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420856      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233267765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31668     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97845     38.67%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123504     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113744050     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149244      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16465      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12547299      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7323450      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135780508                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530726                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505248524                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161758291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133603683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    136033525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408375                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2439677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          341                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1525                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       214136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8491                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3812556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1158232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143524212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13678722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7358839                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20031                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88756                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1525                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2335221                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133853391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11799887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1927117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19121560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18830264                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7321673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523194                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133604741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133603683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78112055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204097227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382720                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122603521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20920815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2064115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229455209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179685712     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24103793     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381855      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5054830      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3785250      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114996      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304104      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166428      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858241      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229455209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100023622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122603521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18383732                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11239037                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17599314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110474858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2490670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2858241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          370120628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290861547                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3246071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              22571220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100023622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122603521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100023622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.557786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.557786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      603615734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     185195162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     134102314                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23183746                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19303643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2105890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8828577                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8479677                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2493767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97473                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201664314                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            127167494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23183746                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10973444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26508831                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5863636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6892017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12522927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238803786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      212294955     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1626509      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2051310      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3260796      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1368111      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1759361      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2047595      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         937651      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13457498      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238803786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      200475201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8195432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26382581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12496                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3738075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3528224                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          549                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    155447991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3738075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200678890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        653290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6974136                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26191335                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       568052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    154488868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        81799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       396213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    215772424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    718414556                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    718414556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    180588535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       35183888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19463                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1996512                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14467230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7564374                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712947                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        150839931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       144725841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18267746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37169151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238803786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177484080     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27965123     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11436820      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6407443      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8680612      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673107      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2631073      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413896      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111632      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238803786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997267     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135981     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129034     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121929402     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977983      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17909      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13258897      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7541650      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    144725841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565691                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529662456                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169145890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140962094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    145988123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2729911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          706                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105868                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3738075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        497343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150877449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14467230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7564374                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19463                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          706                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1185600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2431706                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142205964                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13043060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2519877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20584009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20112348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7540949                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140962548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140962094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84461653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       226890295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105062059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129460930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21417144                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36126                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2123951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235065711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180275098     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27769329     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10078865      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5023390      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4592831      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1927780      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1911926      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910015      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576477      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235065711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105062059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129460930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19195825                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11737319                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             18022                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18765090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116556984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2673352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2576477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          383366580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         305494238                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3058775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17035201                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105062059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129460930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105062059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.435123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.435123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      639860430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     196975257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     143763954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        36096                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19910399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17966891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7486124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7119468                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210948219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125237443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19910399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8219266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24771791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3283803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5074430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12108791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    243009241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      218237450     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         888355      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1807542      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         759001      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4121904      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3663612      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         705512      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1482322      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11343543      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    243009241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209776620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6259380                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24680558                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2214290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1746661                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146872767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2214290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      209985966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4516938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1084677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24564641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       642726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146794074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       278668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       231629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3469                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    172330684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    691432760                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    691432760                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152880804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19449864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17488                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9053                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1626001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34642550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17517976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160515                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       852952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146506635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17541                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140846139                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11317031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27188317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          542                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243009241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192991544     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14953708      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12295281      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5317153      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6742165      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6532826      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3701101      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292690      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182773      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243009241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357571     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2781595     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80526      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88350270     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230862      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8434      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33777142     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17479431     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140846139                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3219692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527995000                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157844766                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139642464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    144065831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340905                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3565                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12467                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2214290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4146993                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146524265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34642550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17517976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127213                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3565                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606066                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1224749                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139859720                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33662830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       986418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51140827                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18324789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17477997                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139646858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139642464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75424227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148623725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507484                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113475699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133352578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13186164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1065934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240794951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192460979     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17622991      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8274155      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8179770      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227317      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9519587      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713937      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518578      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277637      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240794951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113475699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133352578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50713930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33301645                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17609962                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118582410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1291651                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1277637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          386055718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         295291980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4626915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12829746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113475699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133352578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113475699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.254571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.254571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      691429777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     162140530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174876831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19412298                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17333874                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547795                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13012832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12678619                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205223013                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            110238683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19412298                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13844328                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24586891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5069447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3099380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12415237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    236422273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211835382     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3749171      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1893280      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3710787      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1189246      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3436380      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         540803      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         872482      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9194742      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    236422273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      202759843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5609321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24538509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3494789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1832880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18172                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    123322993                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        34399                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3494789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      203034996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3385566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1380049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24283909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       842960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    123146157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        95780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       674032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    161394480                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    558121480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    558121480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    130965822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30428642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16549                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8381                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1830290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     22216496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3607026                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       819174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        122510668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       114751238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22037507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45126426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236422273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186072648     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15901789      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16822316      7.12%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9768487      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5036698      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1262104      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494441      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34922      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28868      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236422273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192457     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78537     23.39%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64760     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89984703     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899506      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20282630     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576230      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    114751238                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335754                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466334808                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144565083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111842729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    115086992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4518104                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          310                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2297754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103772                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122527364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22216496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607026                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2314                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          310                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1639960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113295281                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19989489                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1455957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           23565515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17224546                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3576026                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442838                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            111868152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           111842729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        67683092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       147405773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89118373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    100333104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22199253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1538081                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232927484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195574816     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14674275      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9428550      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2967192      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4926758      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959580      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609110      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557063      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3230140      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232927484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     89118373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    100333104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             21222749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            17698387                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15394136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        87682681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1254594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3230140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          352229363                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         248562331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4563391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19416714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          89118373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           100333104                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     89118373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.870777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.870777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      526630104                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     145727256                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     130977591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19882001                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17940292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1047403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8026615                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7122508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210986830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            125067175                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19882001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8223289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24739263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3275332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5047077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12113185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1052194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    242974790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      218235527     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         884899      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1804279      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         760452      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4116484      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3662785      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         715504      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1481737      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11313123      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    242974790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077713                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      209807707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6239226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24648887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        77862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2201105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1744403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          515                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    146655205                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2829                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2201105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      210020491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4489558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1083248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24528408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       651977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    146576366                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       277281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       235964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5822                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    172084353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    690411415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    690411415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    152760210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       19324044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1647491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     34605675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17506868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160738                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       848781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        146297330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       140751177                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11169615                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26601474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242974790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192960090     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14981533      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12296743      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5306912      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6728307      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6522660      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3703670      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292126      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182749      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242974790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356930     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2777375     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80495      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88291432     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1227916      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8426      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33756478     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17466925     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    140751177                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3214800                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527764982                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157488245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139550703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    143965977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1328448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          598                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3624                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12468                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2201105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4117745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184536                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146315107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34605675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17506868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       125668                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          129                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3624                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       614189                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1227563                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139766207                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33642293                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       984970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           51107532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18311198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17465239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546305                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139555161                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139550703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        75364210                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       148454034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545463                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113388073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    133249332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13079797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1070581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240773685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192468971     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17613061      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8273613      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8173948      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2223445      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9516865      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711685      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       517790      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1274307      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240773685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    113388073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    133249332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             50676655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            33277219                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17596218                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       118490530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1290569                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1274307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          385828169                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         294859676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4631300                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12864197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         113388073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           133249332                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    113388073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.256313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.256313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      691013938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     162052407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     174676152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20728900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16952186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8694737                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8189855                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201366438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117595548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20728900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10324514                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24655420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5867380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3534960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12380485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2041690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    233353891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208698471     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1337452      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2115615      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3366909      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1389973      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1562034      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1656640      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1085118      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12141679      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    233353891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459647                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199513167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5402861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24578575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3796608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3398562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          466                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143621532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3796608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199817264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1741046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2779435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24342666                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       876867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143541007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        26925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       247714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       330562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199292450                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    667726198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    667726198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170332070                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28960375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2645846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13687357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7353150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221998                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143349237                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135775247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18051433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39952849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233353891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176100720     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22978057      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12574945      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8561306      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8007297      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303998      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797751      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610838      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418979      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233353891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31501     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97458     38.61%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123464     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113744529     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2143345      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16470      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12552414      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7318489      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135775247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252423                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505323532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161438853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133589954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136027670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2445023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          362                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8470                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3796608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1161113                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143386047                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        38443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13687357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7353150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89536                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186120                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2339648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133840503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1934744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19124347                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18834074                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7316822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523143                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133591002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133589954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78110889                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204056307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522164                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100052938                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122639544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20746748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2068809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229557283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179767704     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24112110     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9388687      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5057972      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3787415      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115039      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304538      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166483      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2857335      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229557283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100052938                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122639544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18389116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11242331                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17604514                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110507311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2491415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2857335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          370085564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290569389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3248750                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22485096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100052938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122639544                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100052938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.557036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.557036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      603582155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185179851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133955041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255838987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19416330                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17337319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1548929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12996357                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12679173                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165566                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205258902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110253570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19416330                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13844739                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24588311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5072778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3101849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12418224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1520438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    236464240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      211875929     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3748659      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1892931      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3711020      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1190567      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3436119      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         541849      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         872552      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9194614      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    236464240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      202797296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5610265                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24539617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3496976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1833121                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    123332253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        34416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3496976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      203071853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3387228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1380066                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24285946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       842167                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    123156446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        96156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       672847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    161418416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    558155780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    558155780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    130963709                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30454681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1827636                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     22214881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3607007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       819446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        122520492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       114758554                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74748                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22048432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45133577                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236464240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186111194     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15904342      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16823096      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9767778      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5037212      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260545      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1496275      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34921      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28877      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236464240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192877     57.40%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78356     23.32%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64780     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89991409     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899517      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20283126     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576333      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    114758554                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466392109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144585826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111848921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    115094567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4517015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          310                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3496976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2299760                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103873                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122537184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22214881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2302                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          310                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       595191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1641693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113304591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19993420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23569571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17226198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3576151                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.442875                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            111874610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           111848921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        67683380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147390394                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89116592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    100331323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22210824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16476                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1539205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232967264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195611484     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14678014      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9428251      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2966419      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4927563      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960669      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608671      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557617      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3228576      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232967264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     89116592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    100331323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21222220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            17697859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15393846                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        87681190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1254594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3228576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          352280497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         248584022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4564067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19374747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          89116592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           100331323                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     89116592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.870835                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.870835                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348331                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348331                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      526670748                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     145739935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     130993394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         332961                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.908123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2019511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         365729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.521878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           211.519236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.057511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2069.334159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.870652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   972.808879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.791784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2603.996509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.613746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1718.617787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.947215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   995.781453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.601220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1633.917008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.858741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1238.139549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.570316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1005.823826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.594390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   989.758170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.787638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2069.219841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.726319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   989.751163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.445069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2589.113324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.383258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1613.032164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.229031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2612.284933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.945461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2083.122080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.517572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1640.894761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           410.439615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           297.127583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           428.066855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           381.421891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           279.769040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           341.347186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           298.959141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           272.612839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           279.373515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           403.889058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           277.355936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           429.016092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           362.268962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           416.448371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           449.074688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           351.682585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.063151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.079468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.052448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.037785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.030695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.063148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.079013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.079721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.063572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.050076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.012526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.013064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.013093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.012709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.013705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        44186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  581419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           163155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                163155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        26030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        44323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   583645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        26030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49866                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        44323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  583645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                332812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 332833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                332833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5705724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4775661912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5655378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1811079826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6146218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5231703585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5585251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3231205608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6062545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1837412338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5101676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3190997308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6130380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2361647040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5642787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1826789023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5800649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1827189679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5906127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4783432657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5368210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1827140722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6377186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5239340811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5290796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3171633318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6451577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5233850983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5793110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4702833385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5327600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3134910077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54279173486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       334707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       493371                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       948175                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       489784                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       528308                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       310664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       217501                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3322510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5705724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4775661912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5655378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1811079826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6146218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5232038292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5585251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3231698979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6062545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1837412338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5101676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3191945483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6130380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2361647040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5642787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1826789023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5800649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1827189679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5906127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4783432657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5368210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1827140722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6377186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5239830595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5290796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3172161626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6451577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5234161647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5793110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4702833385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5327600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3135127578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      54282495996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5705724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4775661912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5655378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1811079826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6146218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5232038292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5585251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3231698979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6062545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1837412338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5101676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3191945483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6130380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2361647040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5642787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1826789023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5800649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1827189679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5906127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4783432657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5368210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1827140722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6377186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5239830595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5290796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3172161626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6451577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5234161647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5793110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4702833385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5327600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3135127578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     54282495996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        41546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        81942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              914231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       163155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            163155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2247                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        41704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               916478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        41704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              916478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.299900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.392323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.303294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.302768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.394073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.347139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.364035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.078947                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.298194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.391974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.363165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.298194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.391974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.363165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150150.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163729.495063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152848.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163750.436347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153655.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162753.261316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146980.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164078.891383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155449.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163922.949237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154596.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162028.907688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149521.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162984.612836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152507.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163690.772670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161129.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163770.698127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155424.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163580.899289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153377.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163619.658100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151837.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162525.694419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155611.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162281.688395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150036.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162693.533820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152450.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163650.812019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156694.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162128.158719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163092.597280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167353.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       164457                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 158029.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163261.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       132077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       155332                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       217501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158214.761905                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150150.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163729.495063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152848.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163750.436347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153655.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162753.547516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146980.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164078.948974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155449.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163922.949237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154596.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162027.689492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149521.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162984.612836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152507.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163690.772670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161129.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163770.698127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155424.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163580.899289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153377.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163619.658100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151837.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162525.762872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155611.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162275.507776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150036.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162693.076184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152450.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163650.812019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156694.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162131.022289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163092.289515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150150.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163729.495063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152848.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163750.436347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153655.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162753.547516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146980.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164078.948974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155449.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163922.949237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154596.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162027.689492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149521.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162984.612836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152507.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163690.772670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161129.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163770.698127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155424.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163580.899289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153377.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163619.658100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151837.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162525.762872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155611.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162275.507776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150036.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162693.076184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152450.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163650.812019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156694.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162131.022289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163092.289515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                80593                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     80593                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           332812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            332833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           332833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3493264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3077363734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3501268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1167177671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3819307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3360481262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3369601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2084334103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3797285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1184734471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3181494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2043848980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3742515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1517902625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3494058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1176940487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3706853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177574480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3693623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3080753658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3335157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1176983646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3933959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3362884714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3316069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2033215858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3949095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3361197370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3583584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3029592275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3351687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2008540370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34900794523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       218732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       319233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       599058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       313967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       295858                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       194865                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       158918                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2100631                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3493264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3077363734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3501268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1167177671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3819307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3360699994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3369601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2084653336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3797285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1184734471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3181494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2044448038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3742515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1517902625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3494058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1176940487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3706853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177574480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3693623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3080753658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3335157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1176983646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3933959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3363198681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3316069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2033511716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3949095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3361392235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3583584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3029592275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3351687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2008699288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34902895154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3493264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3077363734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3501268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1167177671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3819307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3360699994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3369601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2084653336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3797285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1184734471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3181494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2044448038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3742515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1517902625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3494058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1176940487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3706853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177574480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3693623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3080753658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3335157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1176983646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3933959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3363198681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3316069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2033511716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3949095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3361392235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3583584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3029592275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3351687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2008699288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34902895154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.299900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.392323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.303294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.302768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.394073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.347139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.364035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.298194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.391974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.363165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.298194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.391974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        91928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105504.790661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94628.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105531.434991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95482.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104541.336506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 88673.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105841.370182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97366.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105694.930056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96408.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103780.287397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91280.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104755.184610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        94434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105460.617115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102968.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105545.799050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97200.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105353.726079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95290.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105398.374317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93665.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104317.545491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97531.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104032.739357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91839.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104482.355300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94304.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105424.792950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98579.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103875.691456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104866.394610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       109366                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       106411                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        99843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104655.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73964.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97432.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       158918                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100030.047619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        91928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105504.790661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94628.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105531.434991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95482.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104541.636669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 88673.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105841.456946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97366.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105694.930056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96408.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103779.088223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91280.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104755.184610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        94434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105460.617115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102968.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105545.799050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97200.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105353.726079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95290.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105398.374317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93665.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104317.576954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97531.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104026.586658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91839.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104481.917040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94304.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105424.792950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98579.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103878.537932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104866.089462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        91928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105504.790661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94628.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105531.434991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95482.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104541.636669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 88673.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105841.456946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97366.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105694.930056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96408.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103779.088223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91280.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104755.184610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        94434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105460.617115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102968.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105545.799050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97200.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105353.726079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95290.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105398.374317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93665.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104317.576954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97531.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104026.586658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91839.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104481.917040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94304.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105424.792950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98579.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103878.537932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104866.089462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              528.102611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012383354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913768.155009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.102611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12375305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12375305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12375305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12375305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12375305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12375305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8037965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8037965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8037965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8037965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8037965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8037965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12375354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12375354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12375354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12375354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12375354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12375354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164040.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164040.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164040.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164040.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164040.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164040.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6566410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6566410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6566410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6566410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6566410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6566410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168369.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168369.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168369.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168369.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168369.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168369.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2471.695783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.182301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.817699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       184369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          820                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          820                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       185189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       185189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22486378396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22486378396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     70711176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70711176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22557089572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22557089572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22557089572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22557089572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8764985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8764985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15874486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15874486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15874486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15874486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121963.987417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121963.987417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86233.141463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86233.141463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121805.774490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121805.774490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121805.774490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121805.774490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       111652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8011530482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8011530482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9118550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9118550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8020649032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8020649032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8020649032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8020649032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110174.106220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110174.106220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67048.161765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67048.161765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110093.599879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110093.599879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110093.599879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110093.599879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              493.325301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1009886830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2044305.323887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.325301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12524310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12524310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12524310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12524310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12524310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12524310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10753448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10753448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10753448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10753448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10753448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10753448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12524363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12524363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12524363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12524363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12524363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12524363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202895.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202895.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8209166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8209166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8209166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8209166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8209166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8209166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210491.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210491.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                37089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              163809050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                37345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4386.371670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.164850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.835150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.910800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.089200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9988541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9988541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7419949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7419949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18045                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18045                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17408490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17408490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17408490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17408490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        97209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        97209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10238202383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10238202383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    142515438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142515438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10380717821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10380717821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10380717821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10380717821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10083679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10083679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7422020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7422020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18045                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18045                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17505699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17505699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17505699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17505699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107614.227575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107614.227575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68814.793819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68814.793819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106787.620704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106787.620704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106787.620704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106787.620704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       186012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 16910.181818                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3653997539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3653997539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16469126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16469126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3670466665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3670466665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3670466665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3670466665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99080.710947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99080.710947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78052.729858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78052.729858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98961.085603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98961.085603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98961.085603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98961.085603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.212607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1037053193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775776.015411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.036173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.176435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12111867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12111867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12111867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12111867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12111867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12111867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8159377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8159377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8159377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8159377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8159377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8159377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12111918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12111918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12111918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12111918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12111918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12111918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159987.784314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159987.784314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159987.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159987.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159987.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159987.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6763223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6763223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6763223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6763223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6763223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6763223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164956.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164956.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164956.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164956.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164956.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164956.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                82013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              448695623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                82269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5454.006041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.906249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.093751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31754135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31754135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17386464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17386464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49140599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       49140599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49140599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      49140599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       290099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       290359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       290359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       290359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       290359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34868307592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34868307592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23611552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23611552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34891919144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34891919144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34891919144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34891919144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     32044234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32044234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17386724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17386724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49430958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49430958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49430958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49430958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120194.511501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120194.511501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90813.661538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90813.661538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120168.202618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120168.202618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120168.202618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120168.202618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           15914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       208164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       208346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       208346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        81935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        82013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        82013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9045269170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9045269170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5730740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5730740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9050999910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9050999910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9050999910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9050999910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110395.669372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110395.669372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73471.025641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73471.025641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110360.551498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110360.551498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110360.551498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110360.551498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.428676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1007796148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934349.612284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.428676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12233702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12233702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12233702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12233702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12233702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12233702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7270838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7270838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7270838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7270838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7270838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7270838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12233750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12233750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12233750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12233750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12233750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12233750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151475.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151475.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151475.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151475.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151475.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151475.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6011020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6011020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6011020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154128.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154128.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154128.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154128.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154128.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154128.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                56571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172074072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                56827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3028.033716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.861944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.138056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8636171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8636171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7308305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7308305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15944476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15944476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15944476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15944476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       193619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       197495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       197495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       197495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       197495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25165439776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25165439776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    485733117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485733117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25651172893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25651172893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25651172893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25651172893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8829790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8829790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7312181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7312181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16817                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16817                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16141971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16141971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16141971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16141971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 129974.019988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129974.019988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125318.141641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125318.141641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 129882.644588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129882.644588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 129882.644588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129882.644588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11464                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11464                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           19400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        56412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        56571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        56571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5909171303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5909171303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10849126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10849126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5920020429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5920020429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5920020429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5920020429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104750.253545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104750.253545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68233.496855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68233.496855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104647.618550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104647.618550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104647.618550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104647.618550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.162457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1009884227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2036056.909274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.162457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12521707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12521707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12521707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12521707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12521707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12521707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9957872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9957872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9957872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9957872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9957872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9957872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12521759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12521759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12521759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12521759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12521759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12521759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 191497.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191497.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 191497.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191497.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 191497.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191497.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8150121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8150121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8150121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8150121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8150121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8150121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 198783.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198783.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 198783.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198783.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 198783.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198783.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                37111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              163809539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                37367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4383.802259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.163924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.836076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.910797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.089203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9988251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9988251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7420703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7420703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17408954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17408954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17408954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17408954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        95189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        97307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        97307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        97307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        97307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10277886066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10277886066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    144979464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144979464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10422865530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10422865530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10422865530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10422865530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10083440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10083440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7422821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7422821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17506261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17506261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17506261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17506261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107973.464014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107973.464014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68451.116147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68451.116147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107113.214157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107113.214157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107113.214157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107113.214157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       279442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 55888.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        60196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        60196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        37111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        37111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3675465567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3675465567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16589978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16589978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3692055545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3692055545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3692055545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3692055545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99603.413647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99603.413647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78999.895238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78999.895238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99486.824526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99486.824526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99486.824526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99486.824526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.087120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926232133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1651037.670232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.951478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.135641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12413586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12413586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12413586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12413586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12413586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12413586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6896567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6896567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6896567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6896567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6896567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6896567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12413629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12413629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12413629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12413629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12413629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12413629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160385.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160385.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160385.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160385.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160385.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160385.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5639720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5639720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5639720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5639720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5639720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5639720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165874.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165874.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165874.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165874.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165874.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165874.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              223880985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                56003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3997.660572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.221872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.778128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.789929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.210071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18255253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18255253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3506822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3506822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21762075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21762075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21762075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21762075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       194214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       194214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       194214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       194214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22063228526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22063228526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34890210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34890210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22098118736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22098118736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22098118736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22098118736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18449093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18449093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3507196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21956289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21956289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21956289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21956289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113821.855788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113821.855788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93289.331551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93289.331551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113782.316084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113782.316084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113782.316084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113782.316084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5816257420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5816257420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5741414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5741414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5821998834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5821998834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5821998834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5821998834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104475.533402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104475.533402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75544.921053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75544.921053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104436.092238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104436.092238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104436.092238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104436.092238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              516.617452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1006687571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1943412.299228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    41.617452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.066695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12424469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12424469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12424469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12424469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12424469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12424469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7979555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7979555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7979555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7979555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7979555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7979555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12424521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12424521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12424521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12424521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12424521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12424521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153452.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153452.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153452.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153452.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153452.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153452.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6752980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6752980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6752980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6752980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6752980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6752980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157046.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157046.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157046.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157046.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157046.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157046.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                41704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166002689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                41960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3956.212798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.524969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.475031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8547909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8547909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7195630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7195630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15743539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15743539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15743539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15743539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       133504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       134441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       134441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       134441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       134441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16506546759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16506546759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     80319655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80319655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16586866414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16586866414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16586866414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16586866414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8681413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8681413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7196567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7196567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15877980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15877980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15877980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15877980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123640.840417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123640.840417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85720.016009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85720.016009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123376.547437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123376.547437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123376.547437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123376.547437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        91958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        41546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        41704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        41704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4322215307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4322215307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10423702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10423702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4332639009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4332639009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4332639009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4332639009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104034.451138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104034.451138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65972.797468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65972.797468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103890.250552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103890.250552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103890.250552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103890.250552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.146815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009885710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2044303.056680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.146815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12523190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12523190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12523190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12523190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12523190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12523190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9962819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9962819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9962819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9962819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9962819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9962819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12523242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12523242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12523242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12523242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12523242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12523242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191592.673077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191592.673077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191592.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191592.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191592.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191592.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7700332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7700332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7700332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7700332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7700332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7700332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 197444.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197444.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 197444.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197444.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 197444.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197444.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                37009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163804167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4395.657239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.162164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.837836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.910790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.089210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9984745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9984745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7418337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7418337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17403082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17403082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17403082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17403082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        97213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        97213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10272850574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10272850574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    151392684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151392684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10424243258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10424243258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10424243258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10424243258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10079787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10079787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7420508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7420508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18044                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18044                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17500295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17500295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17500295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17500295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108087.483155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108087.483155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69734.078305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69734.078305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107230.959419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107230.959419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107230.959419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107230.959419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       486206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40517.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3656148051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3656148051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16890883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16890883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3673038934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673038934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3673038934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673038934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99362.649500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99362.649500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79299.920188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79299.920188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99247.181334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99247.181334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99247.181334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99247.181334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              492.442268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009884804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2048447.878296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.442268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12522284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12522284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12522284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12522284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12522284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12522284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9948559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9948559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9948559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9948559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9948559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9948559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12522333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12522333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12522333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12522333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12522333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12522333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203031.816327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203031.816327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203031.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203031.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203031.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203031.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8109233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8109233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8109233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8109233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8109233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8109233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 213400.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213400.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 213400.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213400.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 213400.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213400.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                37063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163815706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                37319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4389.605992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.163712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.836288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.910796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.089204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9993183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9993183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7421880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7421880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17415063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17415063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17415063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17415063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        97423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        97423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        97423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        97423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10268378360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10268378360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149576083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149576083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10417954443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10417954443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10417954443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10417954443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10088435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10088435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7424051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7424051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17512486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17512486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17512486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17512486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107802.233654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107802.233654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68897.320590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68897.320590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106935.266241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106935.266241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106935.266241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106935.266241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       186936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        31156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3663150829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3663150829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17070137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17070137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3680220966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680220966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3680220966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680220966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99407.078128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99407.078128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80141.488263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80141.488263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99296.359334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99296.359334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99296.359334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99296.359334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.558378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012380329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1913762.436673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.558378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12372280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12372280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12372280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12372280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12372280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12372280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8069897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8069897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8069897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8069897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8069897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8069897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12372332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12372332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12372332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12372332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12372332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12372332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155190.326923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155190.326923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155190.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155190.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155190.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155190.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6347933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6347933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6347933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6347933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6347933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6347933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162767.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162767.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162767.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162767.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162767.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162767.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180707217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2470.702994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.171403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.828597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8582948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7110335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7110335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15693283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15693283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15693283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15693283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       184485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       185322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       185322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22492561007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22492561007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72307461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72307461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22564868468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22564868468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22564868468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22564868468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8767433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8767433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7111172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7111172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15878605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15878605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15878605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15878605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121920.812028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121920.812028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86388.842294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86388.842294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121760.333193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121760.333193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121760.333193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121760.333193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       111739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8012268019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8012268019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9271275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9271275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8021539294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8021539294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8021539294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8021539294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110140.324128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110140.324128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67183.152174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67183.152174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110058.988173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110058.988173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110058.988173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110058.988173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              491.326877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1009885400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2052612.601626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.326877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12522880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12522880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12522880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12522880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12522880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12522880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8557746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8557746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8557746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8557746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8557746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8557746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12522927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12522927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12522927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12522927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12522927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12522927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182079.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182079.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182079.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182079.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182079.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182079.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6811938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6811938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6811938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184106.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184106.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184106.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184106.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184106.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184106.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                37120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              163807664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4382.696490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.162252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.837748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.910790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.089210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9987145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9987145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7419962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7419962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17407107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17407107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17407107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17407107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        95250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        97333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        97333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10245447352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10245447352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    141865216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141865216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10387312568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10387312568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10387312568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10387312568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10082395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10082395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7422045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7422045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17504440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17504440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17504440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17504440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107563.751727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107563.751727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 68106.200672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68106.200672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106719.330217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106719.330217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106719.330217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106719.330217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       135358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 19336.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3664244897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3664244897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16210282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16210282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3680455179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680455179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3680455179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680455179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99269.746884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99269.746884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77934.048077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77934.048077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99150.193400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99150.193400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99150.193400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99150.193400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              581.072150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037050062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1769710.003413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.992447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.079703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12108736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12108736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12108736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12108736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12108736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12108736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8685224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8685224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8685224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8685224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8685224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8685224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12108791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12108791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12108791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12108791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12108791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12108791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157913.163636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157913.163636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157913.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157913.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157913.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157913.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6968115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6968115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6968115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6968115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6968115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6968115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162049.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162049.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162049.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162049.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162049.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162049.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448716719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5448.897620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.906277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.093723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31766438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31766438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17394802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17394802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8943                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8943                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49161240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49161240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49161240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49161240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       291419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       291419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34931586514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34931586514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24213712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24213712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34955800226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34955800226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34955800226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34955800226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32057597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32057597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17395062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17395062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49452659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49452659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49452659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49452659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119974.263251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119974.263251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93129.661538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93129.661538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119950.312869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119950.312869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119950.312869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119950.312869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           16069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9053053720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9053053720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5887321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5887321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9058941041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9058941041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9058941041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9058941041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110381.556282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110381.556282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 75478.474359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75478.474359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110348.393805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110348.393805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110348.393805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110348.393805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              558.728035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              926233739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1648102.738434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.592452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.135583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12415192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12415192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12415192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12415192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12415192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12415192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7257857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7257857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7257857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7257857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7257857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7257857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12415237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12415237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12415237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12415237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12415237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12415237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161285.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161285.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161285.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161285.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161285.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161285.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5889944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5889944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5889944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5889944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5889944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5889944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168284.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168284.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                55735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              223882020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                55991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3998.535836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.234864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.765136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.789980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.210020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18255752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18255752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3507343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21763095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       21763095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21763095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      21763095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       193701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       194075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       194075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       194075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       194075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21956172127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21956172127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34322461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34322461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21990494588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21990494588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21990494588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21990494588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18449453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18449453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3507717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21957170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21957170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21957170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21957170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113350.845514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113350.845514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91771.286096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91771.286096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113309.259760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113309.259760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113309.259760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113309.259760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       138041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       138339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       138339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5802265239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5802265239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5329072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5329072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5807594311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5807594311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5807594311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5807594311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104244.794089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104244.794089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 70119.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70119.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104198.261644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104198.261644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104198.261644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104198.261644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              582.377084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1037054459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1766702.655877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.707011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.670073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.066838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.866458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12113133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12113133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12113133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12113133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12113133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12113133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8661887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8661887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8661887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8661887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8661887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8661887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12113185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12113185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12113185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12113185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12113185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12113185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166574.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166574.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166574.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166574.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166574.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166574.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7405171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7405171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7405171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7405171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7405171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7405171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168299.340909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168299.340909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168299.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168299.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168299.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168299.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                82019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              448685318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                82275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5453.483051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.907830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.092170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31747724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31747724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17381973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17381973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49129697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       49129697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49129697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      49129697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       289585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       289843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       289843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       289843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       289843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34797024583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34797024583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23282861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23282861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34820307444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34820307444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34820307444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34820307444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     32037309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32037309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17382231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17382231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49419540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49419540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49419540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49419540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120161.695471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120161.695471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90243.647287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90243.647287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120135.064307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120135.064307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120135.064307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120135.064307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           15632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       207643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       207823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       207823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        81942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        82020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        82020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9043930687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9043930687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5653647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5653647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9049584334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9049584334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9049584334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9049584334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110369.904164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110369.904164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72482.653846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72482.653846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110333.873860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110333.873860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110333.873860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110333.873860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.656108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012388487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1913777.858223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.656108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12380438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12380438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12380438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12380438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12380438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12380438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7605379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7605379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7605379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7605379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7605379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7605379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12380485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12380485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12380485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12380485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12380485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12380485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161816.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161816.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161816.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161816.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161816.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161816.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6340582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6340582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6340582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6340582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6340582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6340582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162579.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162579.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162579.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162579.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162579.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162579.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                73060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180711237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2464.826736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.167154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.832846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8584824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7112426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7112426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15697250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15697250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15697250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15697250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       186725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       186725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       186725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       186725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22574832496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22574832496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     71202580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71202580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22646035076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22646035076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22646035076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22646035076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8770721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7113254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7113254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15883975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15883975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15883975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15883975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121437.314728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121437.314728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85993.454106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85993.454106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121280.145005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121280.145005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121280.145005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121280.145005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7980874097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7980874097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9156123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7990030220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7990030220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7990030220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7990030220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109442.481755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109442.481755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66833.014599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66833.014599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109362.581714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109362.581714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109362.581714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109362.581714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              558.964629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              926236725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1648108.051601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.828972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.135656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12418178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12418178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12418178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12418178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12418178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12418178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7487578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7487578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7487578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7487578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7487578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7487578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12418224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12418224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12418224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12418224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12418224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12418224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162773.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162773.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162773.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162773.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162773.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162773.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5988724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5988724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5988724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171106.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171106.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171106.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171106.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171106.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171106.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                55779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              223886476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                56035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3995.475613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.894055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.105945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.788649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.211351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18260237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18260237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3507332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21767569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       21767569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21767569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      21767569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       194248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       194248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21917244964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21917244964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34915971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34915971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21952160935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21952160935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21952160935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21952160935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18454100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18454100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3507717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21961817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21961817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21961817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21961817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113055.327546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113055.327546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90690.833766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90690.833766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113011.001066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113011.001066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113011.001066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113011.001066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5779292593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5779292593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5477851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5477851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5784770444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5784770444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5784770444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5784770444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103755.634423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103755.634423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70228.858974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70228.858974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103708.751394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103708.751394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103708.751394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103708.751394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
