
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 371874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   473903                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 288296                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67755988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42918.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15960149129                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20339057432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       253824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       270080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       269312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       251136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       452736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       165376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       426880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       430976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       269952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       429696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       253184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5119360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1258624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1258624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 39995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20514110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       341385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36766085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       382765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20296865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36590220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13365724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34500533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34831572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21817578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9796703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20462385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               413747768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       341385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       382765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5658708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         101722260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              101722260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         101722260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20514110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       341385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36766085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       382765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20296865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36590220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13365724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34500533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34831572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21817578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9796703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20462385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              515470029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546190     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177651                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282487     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258188      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858594      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180507      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61061      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652321     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733112                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2185108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215909                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20863075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12414663                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2185108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1076098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2729108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        612772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1984773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1286826                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25969902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23240794     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         293643      1.13%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         341294      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         188506      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         218465      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         119278      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          81685      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         211855      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1274382      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25969902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20695822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2155721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2707119                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        20537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       390701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       353912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15151807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       390701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20727405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        669445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1395346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2696815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15142014                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        41585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21041520                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     70493894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     70493894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17944242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3097278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3887                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          244697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       786547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20532                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       173490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15115258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19934                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1898739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4408706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25969902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19952136     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422222      9.33%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298623      5.00%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901806      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786819      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402259      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96452      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62964      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46621      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25969902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3653     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13288     43.08%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13905     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11950710     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223000      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319849      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780578      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.481126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30846                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54572452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17018055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14038368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14306731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16978                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       390701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        623766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15119176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       246262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14065005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2020201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1968248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           780326                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.474019                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14038695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14038368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8344424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        21855220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.473121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10538080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2190257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       216924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25579201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20295430     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2451546      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026644      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615709      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428208      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275677      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143394      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115095      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227498      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25579201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10538080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12929191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1958797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1189228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1850407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11656281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       263119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       227498                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           40471086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30629617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                321181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3701903                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10538080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12929191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10538080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.815675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.815675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       63442154                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19485037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14141593                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2020430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21435241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11489008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2020430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1451665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2560451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        536804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       885092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1298443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22693733     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         394747      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         193348      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         390655      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         120034      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         363500      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          55834      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          90262      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         952071      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.387203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21252028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1073581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2555240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       185718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12811112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4843                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21273458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        729850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       276328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2533566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        69656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12790846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16718499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     57911075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     57911075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13497304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3221195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1677                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          165536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       365392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        82094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12724137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1681                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11895194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2343664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4819546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20042261     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616922      6.40%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771666      7.02%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014596      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519986      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130829      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151338      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3653      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19435     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8130     23.83%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6554     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9302036     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90830      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139789     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361716      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11895194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.400892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49086594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15069519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11589442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11929313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        654345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12725831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62616                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       171900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11746915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2471605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1788588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           361667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.395895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11592740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11589442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7020868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15144995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.390588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10364857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2361474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       161345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21039282     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1498477      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972678      3.91%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306393      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513109      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97763      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62258      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56170      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336732      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9234051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10364857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2215242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1859449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1592832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9049111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       336732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37272422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25824274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                485558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4417620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10364857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.213303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.213303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54658646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15064700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13663899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2019873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1364881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21445512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11485747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2019873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1451499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2560051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        539014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       913649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1299600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160052                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25293983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22733932     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         394096      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193898      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         390879      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         120582      0.48%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         363111      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          55979      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          90086      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         951420      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25293983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.387093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21261641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1102812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2554802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2024                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       372700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       185590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2046                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12806862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4831                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       372700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21283099                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        752056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       283638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2533146                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        69340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12786504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        52415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16712849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     57892640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     57892640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13482572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3230246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          164347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348546                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       364557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        81151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12720165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11889155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2350479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4835914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25293983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20084008     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1617794      6.40%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769922      7.00%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013545      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520050      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130872      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151177      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3660      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2955      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25293983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19461     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8117     23.78%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6558     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9297114     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90571      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139711     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360937      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11889155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.400689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49114622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11581922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11923291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       372700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        676265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12721864                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348546                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       172718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11740152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2470302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1787215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           360866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.395667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11584976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11581922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7014999                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15134495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.390334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9225325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10354072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2368320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       162194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24921283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21082108     84.59%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1496804      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971544      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305280      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513014      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97741      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62350      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56057      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336385      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24921283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9225325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10354072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2213529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1858355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1591230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9039420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       126477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       336385                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37307251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25817788                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                485674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4377822                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10354072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.216343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.216343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.310912                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.310912                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       54627729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15055076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13658814                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2032608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1833866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108451                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769351                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4758                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21536786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12770551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2032608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       836682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2526180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        343465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2777351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1237621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108718                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27072702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24546522     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          90514      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         184403      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          77923      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         419260      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         374333      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          71778      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         150707      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1157262      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27072702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21312232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      3003581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2516761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         8025                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       232100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       178511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14975961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       232100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21340796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2781799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       125956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2499543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        92505                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14966835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        46843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        31057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          769                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17578498                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70482457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70482457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15537842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2040640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          219663                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3528743                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1781780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        86723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14935067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14334052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8672                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1191724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2882219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27072702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21927679     81.00%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1566943      5.79%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273301      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549562      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687561      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650757      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       368940      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29520      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18439      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27072702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36158     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275453     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8057      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8994675     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125285      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3436093     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777143     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14334052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56069146                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16128942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14209972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14653720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       143812                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          406                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12086                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       232100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2709492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14936828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3528743                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1781780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          885                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          406                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64510                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       126692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14233586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424737                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5201675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1864589                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1776938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.479701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14210479                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14209972                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7678523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        15167507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.478905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11532749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13552565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1385855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       110600                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26840602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21907810     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1813896      6.76%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846866      3.16%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831283      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230368      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       951838      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72483      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52936      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133122      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26840602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11532749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13552565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5154617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3384928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1789453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12051568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       133122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           41645861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30108978                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                464221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2599103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11532749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13552565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11532749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.572830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.572830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       70358745                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16504754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17818090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29670884                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2185339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         851979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20875104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12421322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2185339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1075668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2730549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        613354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1943641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1287609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25942896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23212347     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         295075      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         340455      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         187834      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         217929      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         119879      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          81397      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         211809      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1276171      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25942896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.418637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20706633                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2115778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2708852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       391352                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       354833                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15162930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       391352                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20738536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        593736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1431702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2698061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        89507                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15153372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        23319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        41360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21056990                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70552432                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70552432                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17953553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3103380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3942                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          243810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       787718                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       174700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15126335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14287260                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1904223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4415557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25942896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19920874     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422518      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1301201      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902444      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786950      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402734      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96399      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63064      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46712      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25942896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3551     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13543     43.69%     55.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13901     44.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11958886     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223290      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321620      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       781716      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14287260                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.481525                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54568475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17034675                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14048040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14318255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          167                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          404                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       391352                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        542632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15130319                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787718                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          167                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       246115                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1240805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       212107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2022267                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1969942                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           781462                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14048346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14048040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8349562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        21870475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473462                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12935924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2194514                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3523                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       217004                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25551544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20265296     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452886      9.60%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026846      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615992      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428135      1.68%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276015      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143576      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115085      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227713      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25551544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10543506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12935924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1959801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1189856                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1851409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11662325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       263260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       227713                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           40454204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30652326                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                321570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3727988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10543506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12935924                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10543506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.814138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.814138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63485670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19498828                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14149659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2029283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1830576                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       770365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111337                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4705                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21502207                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12751447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2029283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       834761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2521663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        341849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2803663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1235327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27060059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24538396     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          90133      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184378      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          77684      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         417872      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         373613      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          71691      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         150816      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1155476      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27060059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21264568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      3044220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2512190                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         8066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       231012                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       178450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14951586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       231012                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21293895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2815762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       127570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2494209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        97608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14942626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        50692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        32237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          856                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17550440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     70367681                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     70367681                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15520431                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2030009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          228117                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3521889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1779379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16618                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        87023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14912073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315265                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1185156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2858955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27060059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21914212     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571530      5.81%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274975      4.71%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549400      2.03%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686131      2.54%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       648107      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       367797      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29512      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18395      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27060059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35925     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       274372     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8023      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8984011     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125227      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3430382     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774789     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315265                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.482453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            318320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022236                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56017553                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16099383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14192117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14633585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26279                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          408                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       231012                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2738220                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14913838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3521889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1779379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          408                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       126220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14215293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3419324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5193937                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1862557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1774613                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.479084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14192579                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14192117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7670777                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        15155966                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.478303                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11518495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13536054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1379502                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       110062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26829047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21898885     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1815885      6.77%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845881      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       830967      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230176      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948548      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72325      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52928      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133452      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26829047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11518495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13536054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5146951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3379841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1787315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12036968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       131088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       133452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41611112                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30062145                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                462577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2611746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11518495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13536054                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11518495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.576014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.576014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.388197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.388197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       70265882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16485774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17791755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2304732                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1885815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       972323                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906867                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10291                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22220142                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12879587                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2304732                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1144945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2690136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        619229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1145597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1361102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26444421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23754285     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         125821      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         199868      0.76%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         270232      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         276856      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         234779      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         131529      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         194490      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1256561      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26444421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.434068                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21994070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1373903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2685034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       388283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       379113                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15806053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       388283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22054309                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        198280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1037567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2628664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       137315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15799454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        19639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        59340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22051219                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     73493280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     73493280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19120952                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2930262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3879                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          412020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1481533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       800845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9295                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       216505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15778251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3893                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14992695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2390                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1732652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4133557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26444421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20078123     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2635234      9.97%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1331524      5.04%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       988240      3.74%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       777515      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315710      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199734      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       104049      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14292      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26444421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2642     10.48%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9157     36.31%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13418     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12610207     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223177      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1879      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1359309      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798123      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14992695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.505284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56457418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17514858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14764216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15017912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239402                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10678                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       388283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        165842                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13433                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15782167                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1481533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132218                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       260070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14782812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2076944                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2101451                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           798045                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.498211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14764336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14764216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8476133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22839079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.497584                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11146143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13715361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       230376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26056138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20410440     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2806548     10.77%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1053163      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501487      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       435431      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       243233      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205279      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95993      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304564      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26056138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11146143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13715361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2032295                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1242128                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1892                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1977792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12357417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       282490                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       304564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           41533671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          31952653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                338722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3227384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11146143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13715361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11146143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.662069                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.662069                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.375648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.375648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       66533685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      20569696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14650988                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3788                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2080116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818673                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20186795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11802865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2080116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1032068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2471609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        598607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       995635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1243405                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21571074     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133390      0.55%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         211249      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         336421      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         139540      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         156099      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         166727      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         109059      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1219124      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24042683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19992545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1191833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2463796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       388371                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       340508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14408409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       388371                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20023845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        245034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       854230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2439259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        91939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14398376                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         3783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6751                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19987612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66973466                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66973466                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17025471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2961937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2079                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          272158                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       737513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       168452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14378076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13598549                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4107027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18305790     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305170      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257770      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859143      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802140      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229549      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179617      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61629      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41875      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3217     12.85%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9535     38.09%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11392294     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214936      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256887      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732786      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13598549                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51282293                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16219932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13377764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13623579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       388371                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        162763                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12671                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       236955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13403198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1914565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1885990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           732441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.451715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13377949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13377764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7823451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20435611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.450858                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2123318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       209578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23654312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18676154     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2410987     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938882      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506526      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378089      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211491      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130330      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116565      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285288      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23654312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10000961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12258379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1838008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1123702                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1759787                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11045566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       249031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       285288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37750656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29151989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                329373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5629122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10000961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12258379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10000961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.966895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.966895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337053                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337053                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60441336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18545099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13440771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2080768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20194464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11811981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2080768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1031430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2472596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        599485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       981277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1243711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24039661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21567065     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         134257      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         211034      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         335670      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         139774      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         155801      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         166306      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109131      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1220623      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24039661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20003612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1175809                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2464635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14416449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20035004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        286383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       798039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2440071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90887                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14405897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5680                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19998272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67007118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67007118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17025960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2972246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          273475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       738265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22256                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       169138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14385783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13600645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4136970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24039661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18301433     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306271      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257272      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859712      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802454      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229349      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180061      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61105      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42004      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24039661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3176     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9582     38.23%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12309     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11392325     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215252      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258208      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733214      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13600645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51284003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16232579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13625712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23926                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        192953                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2093                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       237332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1915969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1886211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           732873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451841                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13381036                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13380841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7822186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20427757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.450961                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382919                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       209548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23650389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18671248     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412257     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939643      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505668      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377720      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211128      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130872      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116330      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285523      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23650389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10001327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12258793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1838101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1123762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1759858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11045923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       285523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37754436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29168607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                329128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5632144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10001327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12258793                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10001327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.966787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.966787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337065                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337065                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60457830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18548020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13450643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2031204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111555                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21532899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12763018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2031204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       835708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2524015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        341447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2803275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1237016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24568313     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          90087      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         184649      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          77660      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         418510      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         374295      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          71653      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         150836      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1156325      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21311410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3027872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2514604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14964636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21339818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2808541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       122768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2497323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        93445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14955561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        48086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        31068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17562423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70428421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70428421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15540043                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2022368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          219706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3526936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1782191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        86269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14924907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14330221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1180154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2848265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21950092     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1566948      5.78%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1271935      4.69%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       547417      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686689      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651470      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369777      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29616      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18384      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36189     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275870     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8100      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8990564     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125146      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3436147     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777508     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14330221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.482958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022342                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56081419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16107218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14206955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14650380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2736778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14926677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3526936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1782191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       126188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14230200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424877                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5202202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1864348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1777325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.479587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14207455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14206955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7675954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15156391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.478803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11534854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13554955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1373351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       110244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21929545     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1812978      6.75%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845809      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832322      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230139      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952970      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72121      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52851      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133163      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11534854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13554955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5156050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3385881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1789740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12053671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       133163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41657002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30087079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                464315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2579477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13554955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.572361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.572361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.388748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.388748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70345658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16499824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17811447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2574847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2144005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976456                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22394918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14125183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2574847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1215603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2942843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        657050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2015859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1392239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27780564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24837721     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         180022      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         226759      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         362169      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         151472      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         194890      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         227355      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         104935      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1495241      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27780564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.476047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22270445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2160813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2928790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       391521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     17265700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22293728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         72284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2024844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2906926                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        63729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     17158049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        44273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     23963398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     79783343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     79783343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20020778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3942591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          224392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       839758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       189925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16750786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        16058808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2051020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4193125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27780564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976785     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3102234     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268586      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712674      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962098      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297642      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291490      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156602      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12453      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27780564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110841     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15144     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14356     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528557     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219443      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1986      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1471844      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     16058808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60055360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18806063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16199149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         55318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16754943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       271699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2284253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2230650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           836852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15640177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15640087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9369567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        25174647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11647585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14352489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2402488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       237368                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27361519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21286119     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078788     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118511      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556760      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509646      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213781      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211769      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100864      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285281      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27361519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11647585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14352489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2128245                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1301222                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2080154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12922116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       296388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       285281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43831137                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33929032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                341788                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1891241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11647585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14352489                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11647585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70995020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21855150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15966477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2026339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1813223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1371399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1336563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21494627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11518306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2026339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1454960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2566658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        538622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       889871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1302121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25325579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22758921     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         395707      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         193620      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         391199      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         120695      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         364050      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          56043      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          90604      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         954740      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25325579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068292                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.388190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21311578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1078210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2561444                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       372342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       186919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2056                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12844577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       372342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21332974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        732212                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       278816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2539718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        69513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12824052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        52434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16762954                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     58057685                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     58057685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13533702                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3229227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          165195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2351647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       366557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        81874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12756026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11925605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2348367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4825722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25325579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20099213     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1623623      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1774464      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1016980      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       522065      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131079      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151575      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2949      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25325579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19560     57.04%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8144     23.75%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6586     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9327163     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        91105      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2143640     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362871      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11925605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.401917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49219130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15106122                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11618770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11959895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       372342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        656669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12757728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2351647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       366557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          249                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62798                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       172613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11776451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2113853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2476675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1793196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           362822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.396890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11622077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11618770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7036320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        15181660                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.391576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9257268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10391835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2366401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       162134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24953237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21099000     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1503508      6.03%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974623      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307096      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       514661      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98201      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62298      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56444      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       337406      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24953237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9257268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10391835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2220283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1863274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1596816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9073031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       127135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       337406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37374028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25889110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                486583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4346226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9257268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10391835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9257268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.205244                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.205244                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.311989                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.311989                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54792848                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15104161                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13697617                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2577090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         940034                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22417696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             14140207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2577090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1217271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2945755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        658388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1988469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1393842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27778255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24832500     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         180232      0.65%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         225618      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         362673      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         152174      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         195257      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         227923      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         105509      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1496369      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27778255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086853                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22291994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2133123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2931718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       419977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       391875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     17285810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       419977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22315053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         71638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1997983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2910075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        63521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     17179209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        44205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     23991874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     79885560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     79885560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     20042323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3949534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          223289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1611233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       840819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       190057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16772835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        16080726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057697                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4203140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27778255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20967143     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3104410     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269903      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712934      2.57%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964333      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298357      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       292032      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156745      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12398      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27778255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110848     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15211     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14370     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13546051     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219783      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1988      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474810      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838094      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     16080726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60097047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18834773                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15659408                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     16221155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       419977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         54862                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16776977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1611233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       272025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15799239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2287521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2232887                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           837962                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532466                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15659499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15659408                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9382713                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        25211708                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11660053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14367857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2409179                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       237766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27358278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21276516     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3082148     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119571      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557094      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510240      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214184      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211971      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100853      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285701      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27358278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11660053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14367857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2130510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1302608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2082376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12935956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       296705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       285701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43849535                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33974071                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                342141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1893550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11660053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14367857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11660053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.544740                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.544740                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392967                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392967                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       71086011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21882655                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15983523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2079396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852520                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817468                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9124                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11806486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2079396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2471294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        600661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       978722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1244002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24032086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21560792     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133354      0.55%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210769      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         335971      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139964      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155992      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         166555      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         108964      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1219725      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24032086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19997221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1175134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       390046                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14410649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       390046                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20028541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        231431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       851951                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2438934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        91178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14400422                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         3177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5771                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19989553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66983506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66983506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17007863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2981571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3730                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          273309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13591449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4150974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24032086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18297823     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305198      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256298      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       857750      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802848      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229091      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180000      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61066      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42012      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24032086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3216     12.88%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9460     37.89%     50.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12294     49.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11386529     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214931      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255742      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732602      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13591449                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51257423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13370581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23946                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       390046                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        151794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383746                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       237686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13395833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1913207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1884437                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13370784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13370581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7817204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20424304                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12245652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2138092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23642040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18668380     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409529     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938570      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505251      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376893      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211047      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131309      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115919      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285142      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23642040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9990686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12245652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1836079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1122513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11034102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       248759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       285142                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37740577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29157659                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                330017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5639376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12245652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60406490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18533863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13443505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2184964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852373                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20846209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12413457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2184964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1075531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2729482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        613341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1915755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1285738                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25885246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23155764     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         294398      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         342164      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         188004      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         218218      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         118972      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          81707      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         210734      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1275285      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25885246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20678230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2087502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2707071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       353495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15149441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11573                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20710934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        729452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1266290                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2696194                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        90814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15139001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        41806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21036172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     70483620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     70483620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17933655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3102443                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3893                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          246489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       785962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       174185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14267954                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1905263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4428323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25885246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19871115     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2420918      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298824      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899162      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786991      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401782      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96817      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62970      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46667      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25885246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3700     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13167     42.86%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13856     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11944387     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222706      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1746      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319304      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779811      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14267954                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54471867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17020966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14029459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35600                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          396                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        678040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115565                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10841                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121540                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14056179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       211775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2018519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1966690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           779545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14029784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14029459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8340886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21849623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10531915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12921627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2194169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       216814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25493686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20213481     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2449300      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026084      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615450      2.41%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427843      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275952      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143492      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114947      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227137      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25493686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10531915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12921627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1957665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1188552                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1849333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11649454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       262963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       227137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40382280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30623241                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                321052                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3786559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12921627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.817323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.817323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.354947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.354947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63405118                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19473150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14138755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54313811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096400527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150714338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54313811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104486070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158799881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54313811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104486070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158799881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597465.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935185.903654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941917.589836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597465.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936214.134499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942925.337612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597465.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936214.134499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942925.337612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51328611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805669531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856998142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51328611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813316074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864644685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51328611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813316074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864644685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509665.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847378.293869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854110.057399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509665.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848406.536188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855117.816418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509665.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848406.536188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855117.816418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2022                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.514855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         180279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        44.294595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.735375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.574996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   854.603505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1122.600979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.417287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.548145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3846                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2019                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66458884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1683934222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1750393106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2437714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66458884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1686371936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1752830820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66458884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1686371936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1752830820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1846080.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850042.514891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867820.082300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1218857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1218857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1846080.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850414.491175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868167.815750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1846080.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850414.491175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868167.815750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63297299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1509963835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573261134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2262114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63297299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1512225949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575523248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63297299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1512225949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575523248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758258.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 762223.036345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780000.562221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1131057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758258.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 762595.032274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780348.315007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758258.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 762595.032274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780348.315007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.789827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         121261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.961309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.736754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.240205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   933.082687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1066.730181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.455607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.520864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1751995119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2133                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.794044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         121238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.997369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.733638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.828447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   934.373284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1065.858675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.008705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.456237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.520439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3765                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54645653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692491834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747137487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54645653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692491834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1747137487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54645653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692491834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1747137487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884332.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804416.270913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819098.681200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884332.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804416.270913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819098.681200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884332.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804416.270913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819098.681200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52099453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507725604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559825057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52099453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507725604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559825057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52099453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507725604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559825057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1796532.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716599.621673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731282.258322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1796532.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716599.621673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731282.258322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1796532.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716599.621673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731282.258322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3587                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.898853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        27.433363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.040497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.544618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1200.225615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         828.088124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.586048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.404340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4810                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4811                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3587                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68078656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3351286586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3419365242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9885337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9885337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68078656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3361171923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3429250579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68078656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3361171923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3429250579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              8389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               8398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              8398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2062989.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944556.534949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954863.234292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1647556.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1647556.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2062989.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 945743.366066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956021.906607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2062989.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 945743.366066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956021.906607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65181160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3039733143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104914303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9358537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9358537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65181160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3049091680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3114272840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65181160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3049091680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3114272840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1975186.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856745.530722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867052.304664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1559756.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559756.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1975186.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857932.380416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868210.995261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1975186.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857932.380416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868210.995261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2003                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.516365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         180267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        44.499383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.212560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.047173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   848.918460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1127.338171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.414511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.550458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3839                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3840                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1963                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2000                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79226450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1660307086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1739533536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1158195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1158195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79226450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1661465281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1740691731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79226450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1661465281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1740691731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.342466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.342466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2141255.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846663.480877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870637.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 579097.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 579097.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2141255.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846390.871625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870345.865500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2141255.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846390.871625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870345.865500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1133                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1133                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75977850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1488219086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564196936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       982595                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       982595                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75977850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1489201681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565179531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75977850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1489201681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565179531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2053455.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758908.253952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782881.349349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 491297.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 491297.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2053455.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758635.599083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782589.765500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2053455.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758635.599083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782589.765500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3571                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.896259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         154594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        27.512725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.022388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.343433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1197.281425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         831.249012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.584610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.405883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4815                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4816                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3571                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68787082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3415822941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3484610023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7564839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7564839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68787082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3423387780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3492174862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68787082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3423387780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3492174862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              8378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               8387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              8387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2023149.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 967381.178420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977450.216830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1260806.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260806.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2023149.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 967878.931298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977926.312518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2023149.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 967878.931298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977926.312518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                615                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     615                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65800248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3105715428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3171515676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7036514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7036514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65800248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3112751942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178552190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65800248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3112751942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178552190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1935301.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 879556.903993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889625.715568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1172752.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172752.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1935301.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 880054.266893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890101.425371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1935301.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 880054.266893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890101.425371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1333                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.552095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         158747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.952677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.043433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.459426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   623.093570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1368.955665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.013896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.304245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.668435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1015                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1015                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3134                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3136                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1293                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1333                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58020512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1063900496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1121921008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58020512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1063900496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1121921008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58020512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1063900496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1121921008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1015                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1015                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1450512.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822815.542150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841651.168792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1450512.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822815.542150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841651.168792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1450512.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822815.542150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841651.168792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                572                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     572                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54507760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    950295442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1004803202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54507760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    950295442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1004803202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54507760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    950295442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1004803202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1362694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 735522.787926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754356.758258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1362694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 735522.787926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754356.758258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1362694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 735522.787926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754356.758258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3369                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.575143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         123698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        22.835149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.156575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.963142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   931.571474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1083.883951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.454869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.529240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4034                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3371                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65438240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3066875085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3132313325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7090079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7090079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65438240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3073965164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3139403404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65438240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3073965164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3139403404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1924654.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920430.697779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930574.368687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1418015.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1418015.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1924654.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921176.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931297.361020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1924654.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921176.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931297.361020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62452073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2774475045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836927118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6651079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6651079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62452073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2781126124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843578197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62452073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2781126124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843578197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1836825.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832675.583733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842818.513963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1330215.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330215.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1836825.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833421.074019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843541.440819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1836825.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833421.074019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843541.440819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3402                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         123698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.696881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.165135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.320979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   940.651474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1074.439472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.459302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.524629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3402                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3082871648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3181317562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8574450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8574450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3091446098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3189892012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3091446098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3189892012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916975.505057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936507.966441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1714890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1714890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 918160.409266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937651.972957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 918160.409266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937651.972957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                514                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     514                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2786394547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881754582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8133200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8133200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2794527747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889887782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2794527747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889887782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 828790.763534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848323.397704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1626640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1626640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829975.570835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849467.308054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829975.570835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849467.308054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3588                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.896791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        27.427963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.028690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.050718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.296944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         829.520439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3588                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3369116639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3441680165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3449285518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3449285518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 949849.630392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960826.400056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3057690039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127180565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862049.630392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873026.400056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.511838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         182352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.221929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.511838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.256050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   457.021887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1522.722063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.223155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.743517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101694093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802289873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     903983966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101694093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802289873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      903983966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101694093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802289873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     903983966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.228240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2824835.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849883.340042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922432.618367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2824835.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849883.340042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922432.618367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2824835.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849883.340042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922432.618367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98532272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719379899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817912171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98532272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719379899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817912171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98532272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719379899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817912171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.228240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737007.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762054.977754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834604.256122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737007.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762054.977754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834604.256122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737007.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762054.977754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834604.256122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.816232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         121279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        28.965608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.738011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.258415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   936.610858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1063.208948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.008915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.457330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.519145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3803                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667266277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1735927484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667266277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1735927484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667266277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1735927484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790548.258416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811560.301075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790548.258416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811560.301075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790548.258416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811560.301075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482077167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548103650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482077167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548103650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482077167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548103650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 702739.292082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723751.122020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 702739.292082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723751.122020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 702739.292082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723751.122020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          981                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.462684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         182329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.194454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.462684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.722151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   457.607733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1522.670116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.223441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.743491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3192                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3194                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 981                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94673563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    782090655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     876764218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94673563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    782090655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      876764218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94673563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    782090655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     876764218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.229743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2784516.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825861.304118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893745.380224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2784516.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825861.304118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893745.380224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2784516.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825861.304118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893745.380224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91687364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    698933239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790620603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91687364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    698933239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790620603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91687364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    698933239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790620603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.229743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2696687.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738049.882788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805933.336391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2696687.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738049.882788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805933.336391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2696687.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738049.882788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805933.336391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3392                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.575241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.736213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.167304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.503172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   938.130039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1076.774727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.525769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4020                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3393                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76600256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3132433836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3209034092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6809110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6809110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76600256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139242946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3215843202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76600256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139242946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3215843202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2188578.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934218.263048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947176.532468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1361822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1361822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2188578.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934854.957117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947787.563218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2188578.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934854.957117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947787.563218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73527044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2838051998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911579042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6370110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73527044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844422108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917949152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73527044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844422108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917949152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2100772.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846421.711303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859379.882527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1274022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1274022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2100772.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847058.400238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859990.908341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2100772.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847058.400238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859990.908341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2017                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.479833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         180289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        44.351538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.560962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.910012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   850.752577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1125.256282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.415407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.549442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3857                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2015                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78216908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1687202739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1765419647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2168728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2168728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78216908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1689371467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1767588375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78216908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1689371467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1767588375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172691.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853847.539980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877445.152584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722909.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722909.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172691.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853649.048509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877215.074442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172691.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853649.048509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877215.074442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75054946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1513753360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588808306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1905328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1905328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75054946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1515658688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590713634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75054946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1515658688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590713634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084859.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766069.514170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789666.156064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 635109.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635109.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084859.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 765870.989389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789436.046650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084859.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 765870.989389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789436.046650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87045771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87045771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87045771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87045771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87045771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87045771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582650.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582650.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582650.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582650.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582650.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582650.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54682655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54682655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54682655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54682655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54682655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54682655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562361.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562361.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562361.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562361.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562361.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562361.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585163040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585163040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660951712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660951712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660951712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660951712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447004.219515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447004.219515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448730.724418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448730.724418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448730.724418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448730.724418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386968750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386968750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395816971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395816971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395816971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395816971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463206.885941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463206.885941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463402.970933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463402.970933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463402.970933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463402.970933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.447292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              996849224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1920711.414258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.447292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1286778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1286778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1286778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1286778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1286778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1286778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88547983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88547983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88547983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88547983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88547983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88547983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1286826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1286826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1286826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1286826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1286826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1286826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844749.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844749.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66841714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66841714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66841714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66841714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66841714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66841714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806532.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              157768695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             25931.738166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.824530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.175470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.886033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.113967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       905184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       765128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1670312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1670312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1670312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1670312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8386080552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8386080552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    473436008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473436008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8859516560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8859516560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8859516560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8859516560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       925317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       925317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       765807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1691124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1691124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1691124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1691124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 416534.075995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416534.075995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 697254.798233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 697254.798233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 425692.704209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425692.704209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 425692.704209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425692.704209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6526600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       652660                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1952340664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952340664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3435927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3435927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955776591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955776591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955776591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955776591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335973.268628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335973.268628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 202113.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202113.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335582.805594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335582.805594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335582.805594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335582.805594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              554.148756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915116947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1642938.863555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.087867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.060889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204390313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33228.794180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.622611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.377389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.721182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.278818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.945563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915118103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1642940.938959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.885010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.060553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1299556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1299556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75300208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75300208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75300208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75300208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75300208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75300208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711368.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1711368.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54969285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54969285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54969285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54969285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54969285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54969285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1832309.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832309.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204390046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33375.252449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.650847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.349153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1932531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2285990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2285990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9594433147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9594433147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597595227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9597595227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597595227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9597595227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1953403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2306899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2306899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459679.625671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459679.625671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459017.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459017.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459017.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459017.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956151827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956151827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956728727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956728727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956728727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956728727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333871.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333871.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333457.519939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333457.519939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333457.519939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333457.519939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              569.374178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1026178896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1778472.956672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.964537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.409641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1237570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1237570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1237570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1237570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1237570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92989359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92989359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92989359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92989359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92989359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92989359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1237620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1237620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1237620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1859787.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1859787.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68418629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68418629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68418629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68418629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68418629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68418629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2012312.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012312.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              404538521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             46930.222854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.128254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.871746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.434095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.565905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3230838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3230838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1767905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1767905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4998743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4998743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4998743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4998743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        30441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        30441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14176470241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14176470241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34817111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34817111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14211287352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14211287352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14211287352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14211287352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3261249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3261249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1767935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1767935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5029184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5029184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5029184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5029184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466162.580678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466162.580678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1160570.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1160570.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466846.928550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466846.928550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466846.928550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466846.928550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3709308937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3709308937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10127437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10127437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3719436374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719436374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3719436374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719436374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 443962.769240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443962.769240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1125270.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1125270.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444695.884027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444695.884027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444695.884027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444695.884027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.776974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              996850003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1917019.236538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.776974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1287557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1287557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1287557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1287557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1287557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106086304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106086304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106086304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106086304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106086304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106086304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1287609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1287609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1287609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2040121.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2040121.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2040121.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2040121.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2040121.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2040121.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79600233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79600233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79600233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2094742.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2094742.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2094742.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2094742.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2094742.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2094742.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              157770047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26047.556051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.839359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.160641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.886091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.113909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       906123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       765499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1671622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1671622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8172485495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8172485495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    419076468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    419076468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8591561963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8591561963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8591561963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8591561963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       926094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       766181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1692275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1692275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 409217.640328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 409217.640328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 614481.624633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614481.624633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 415995.834165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415995.834165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 415995.834165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415995.834165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4717151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 524127.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1928041242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928041242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2136295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2136295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1930177537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930177537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1930177537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930177537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333282.842178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333282.842178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125664.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125664.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 332674.515167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332674.515167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 332674.515167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332674.515167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              569.035742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1026176598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1775392.038062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.878971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.156771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1235272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1235272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105565027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105565027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105565027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105565027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105565027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105565027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1991792.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1991792.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1991792.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1991792.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1991792.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1991792.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       541231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 270615.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69135176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69135176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69135176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69135176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69135176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69135176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1975290.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975290.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1975290.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975290.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1975290.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975290.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              404530557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             46994.720841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.138000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.862000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.434133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.565867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3225452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3225452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1765326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1765326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4990778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4990778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4990778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4990778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        30370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        30370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14324420882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14324420882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24794724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24794724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14349215606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14349215606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14349215606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14349215606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3255792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3255792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1765356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1765356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5021148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5021148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5021148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5021148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472129.890639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472129.890639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 826490.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826490.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472479.934343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472479.934343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472479.934343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472479.934343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3773973015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3773973015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7806939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7806939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3781779954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3781779954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3781779954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3781779954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452352.033441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452352.033441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 867437.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867437.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452799.323994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452799.323994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452799.323994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452799.323994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              508.840905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              995624149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1925772.048356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.840905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1361047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1361047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1361047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1361047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1361047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1361047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75007092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75007092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75007092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75007092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75007092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75007092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1361102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1361102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1361102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1361102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1361102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1361102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1363765.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1363765.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1363765.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1363765.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1363765.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1363765.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58532544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58532544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58532544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58532544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58532544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58532544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1393632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1393632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1393632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1393632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1393632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1393632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151948774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             32446.887465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.802810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.197190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       935596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        935596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       786430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       786430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1722026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1722026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        14162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        14162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4678319451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4678319451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8791100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8791100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4687110551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4687110551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4687110551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4687110551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       949652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       949652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       786536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       786536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1736188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1736188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1736188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1736188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332834.337721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332834.337721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82934.905660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82934.905660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330963.885821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330963.885821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330963.885821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330963.885821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1277650953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277650953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1186271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1278837224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278837224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1278837224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278837224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 289782.479701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289782.479701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65903.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65903.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288872.198780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288872.198780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288872.198780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288872.198780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.975093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001251400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1907145.523810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.975093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1243351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1243351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100973192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100973192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100973192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100973192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100973192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100973192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869873.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869873.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869873.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65807774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65807774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65807774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65807774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65807774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65807774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1880222.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880222.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166551775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             21845.720750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.085721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.914279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.890960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.109040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       859710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       710866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8499903326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8499903326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65869970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65869970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8565773296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8565773296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8565773296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8565773296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       878977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       710957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2039                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1589934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1589934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441163.820315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441163.820315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723845.824176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 723845.824176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442492.679822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442492.679822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442492.679822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442492.679822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3359189603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3359189603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7772579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7772579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3366962182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3366962182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3366962182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3366962182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456721.903875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456721.903875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518171.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518171.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456846.971777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456846.971777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456846.971777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456846.971777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.948737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001251699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1903520.340304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.948737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1243650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1243650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166552313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21760.166318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.148575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.851425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.891205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.108795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       710900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1571102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1571102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8627824853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8627824853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79680362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79680362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8707505215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8707505215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8707505215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8707505215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       879607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       710987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1590594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1590594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 444618.647410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444618.647410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 915866.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915866.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446721.999538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446721.999538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446721.999538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446721.999538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12094                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12094                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3375125809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375125809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9256950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9256950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3384382759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384382759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3384382759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384382759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457148.287823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457148.287823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       617130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       617130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457472.662747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457472.662747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457472.662747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457472.662747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              569.467921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026178289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1772328.651123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.057774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.410146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404539438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             46957.566802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.131664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.868336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.486920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998754703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2025871.608519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.486920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1392183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1392183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158349218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158349218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158349218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158349218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158349218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158349218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932392.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2932392.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1123654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102122485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102122485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102122485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102122485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102122485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102122485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687433.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687433.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148298736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33650.722941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   218.569978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    37.430022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.853789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.146211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1108359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       822928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2419425858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2419425858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4787210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4787210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2424213068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2424213068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2424213068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2424213068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1119093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       822983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1942076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1942076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225398.347121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225398.347121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87040.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87040.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224693.026972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224693.026972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224693.026972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224693.026972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1018355267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1018355267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1014723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1019369990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019369990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1019369990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019369990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246217.424323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246217.424323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67648.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67648.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245572.148880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245572.148880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245572.148880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245572.148880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              554.672246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              915120623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1640001.116487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.611375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.060871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1302076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1302076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204395177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33143.372304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   185.527805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    70.472195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.724718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.275282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1935833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1935833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       355286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       355286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2291119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2291119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2291119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2291119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9433162867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433162867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3157205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3157205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9436320072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9436320072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9436320072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9436320072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1956745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1956745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       355323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       355323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2312068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2312068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2312068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2312068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451088.507412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451088.507412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85329.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85329.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450442.506659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450442.506659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450442.506659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450442.506659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1933627995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1933627995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934204895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934204895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934204895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934204895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327622.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327622.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327221.264591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327221.264591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327221.264591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327221.264591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.961563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998756312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2034126.908350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.961563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1393792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1393792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1393792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1393792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1393792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    146156834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146156834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    146156834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146156834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    146156834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146156834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1393840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1393840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1393840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3044934.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3044934.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2726576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 908858.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95085298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95085298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95085298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95085298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95085298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95085298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2641258.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641258.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148301762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33743.290557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   218.622949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    37.377051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.853996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.146004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1110574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       823754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1934328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1934328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1934328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1934328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        10759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        10759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2387816681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2387816681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7214985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7214985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2395031666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2395031666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2395031666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2395031666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1121229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1121229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       823858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1945087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1945087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1945087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1945087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 224102.926420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224102.926420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69374.855769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69374.855769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222607.274468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222607.274468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222607.274468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222607.274468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6620                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6620                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    996999675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    996999675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1202024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    998201699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    998201699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    998201699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    998201699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241872.798399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241872.798399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70707.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70707.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241169.775066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241169.775066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241169.775066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241169.775066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.364042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001251995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903520.903042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.364042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122848308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122848308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122848308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122848308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122848308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122848308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2193719.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2193719.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2193719.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2193719.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2193719.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2193719.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76961384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76961384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76961384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76961384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76961384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76961384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2137816.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137816.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2137816.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137816.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2137816.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137816.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166549700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21822.549790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.125522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.874478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1568500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1568500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8572376871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8572376871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64683674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64683674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8637060545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8637060545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8637060545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8637060545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       877653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1587871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1587871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444694.551590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444694.551590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 688124.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688124.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445875.821847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445875.821847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445875.821847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445875.821847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3423910011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3423910011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7493950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7493950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431403961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431403961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431403961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431403961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465078.784434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465078.784434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 499596.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499596.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465148.971262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465148.971262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465148.971262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465148.971262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.706790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              996848133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920709.312139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.706790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1285687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1285687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1285687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102611599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102611599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102611599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102611599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102611599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102611599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011992.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2011992.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78585358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78585358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78585358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78585358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78585358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78585358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123928.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123928.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157767844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             25906.049918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.824229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.175771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.886032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.113968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       904772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        904772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       764655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       764655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8303760730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8303760730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443655019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443655019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8747415749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8747415749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8747415749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8747415749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       924840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1690194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1690194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413781.180486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413781.180486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 634699.597997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634699.597997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421217.111234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421217.111234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421217.111234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421217.111234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4634706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 421336.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1956287837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956287837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3165432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3165432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959453269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959453269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959453269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959453269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336305.283995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336305.283995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 175857.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175857.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335810.328877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335810.328877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335810.328877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335810.328877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
